You know that what I do is write for kids, and in fact, I'm probably the author for kids, more read in the U.S.
And I always tell people I don't want to look like a scientist.
I can see as a farmer or leather clothes and never anybody has chosen a farmer.
I'm here to talk to you about circles and finances.
And you know that a plant is usually something that falls somewhere else.
You just have to turn to the apple to see it as a pattern.
That's the painting of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Berkeley.
It's the kind of complicated circle that I'm going to talk about.
My circle started in the '60s in the middle school, Afghanistan, Ohio.
When they were beaten to bleed every week in the toilet of kids, until a teacher saved me life.
She saved my life by allowing me to go into the barrier room.
He did it in secret.
For three years.
I had to go from the city.
He had a thumb, and 85 dollars, and ended up in San Francisco, California -- I found a lover -- and in the '80s, I felt the need to start working in organizations that were fighting AIDS.
About three or four years ago, half of the night I received a phone call from that teacher, the lady Pattern he said, "I need to see you.
I'm really passionate that adults never come to know us.
You could come to Ohio and please bring that man that I know you've already found.
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer, and I'd like you to join this please."
Well, the next day we were in Cleveland, OK.
We went to see it, we laughed at us, we cry, and we realized that she needed to be hospital.
We found a place, the internal one, and we took care of it, and we got rid of his family, because it was necessary.
It's something we knew how to do.
And so as the woman who wanted to meet me as an adult came to know me, it became a cold box and it was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle had closed up, had become a circle -- and that epiphany that I talked to you about was made in itself.
The epiphany is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I saved it.
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
It needs truth and beauty, and I'm very happy that I talked a lot about this.
It also needs -- it needs dignity, love and pleasure, and it's our work to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, the connection is very important to me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature, and that everything is interconnected.
I first went to Antarctica about 10 years ago, and there I saw my first short.
I was amazed.
My heart beating heart was short, trying to understand what was in front of me.
The top tons around me knew about the water almost 60 meters -- and I couldn't even think that it was a contact of snow about another computer company after year.
The scores are born when they get rid of the glaciers or break the ice boats.
Each iceberg has its own individual personality.
They have a different way of interacting with their environment and their experiences.
Some of them refuse to melt and are clinging to the end, whereas others can't support it more and they fall into a dramatic passion.
It's easy to think, by seeing a complication, which are isolated separate and alone, largely as we see ourselves as humans.
But reality is all the opposite.
As a computer melts, I'm breathing your ancestral atmosphere.
As a grave releases the fresh water sweet freshwater that feeds many forms of life.
I get to photograph these sharks as if it was about the portraits of my ancestors, knowing that at these moments there are such a way and not going to be that again.
It's not death when they're destroying -- it's not a end, but a continuation of your path for the cycle of life.
Part of the text ice that photograph is very young -- it has a couple thousand years.
And another part of the ice has over 100,000 years.
The last pictures I'd like to show you are from a family that I photographed in KentiNu's at Grandchill.
It's very often really often going to get a short top of it.
Here you go.
You can see the left one little boat.
It's about five meters.
And I'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and their religion line.
You can see here, it starts rolling around, the ship has moved to the other side, and the man is standing there.
This is a competition of Greenland, from average size.
It's about 120 feet or 40 meters.
This video is in real time.
And so the text shows a different side of its personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979, the same day, exactly at the same time, each containing a baby. Okay.
So, two couples each with a baby.
I don't want you to stop too much in the details of consciousness, because if you stop thinking about understanding itself, you're not going to pay attention.
Let's think about that for a moment.
And on this stage I want you to imagine that, in a case, the chromosome and the sperm is joined by the X consumer.
And in the other case, the X chromosome of sperm is joined by the X consumer.
They both learn and start life.
We'll talk about them later.
In my activity tends to be two roles.
In one of my roles I work with the story of anatomy.
I'm a matter of training, and what I study in this case is the way people came up with anatomy -- is to say, human bodies and animals, how they have considered body fluids.
The other role that I performance in my work is activist -- as patients, or as I say sometimes, intuitive defense of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical features defy social norms.
I've been working, for example, with similar twins, two people inside of a body.
I've worked with people with the confidence: people much lower than the average.
And I've worked with many cases of perspective with periodic sex, individuals whose physical psychology doesn't fit into the male male and conventional machines.
In general, we can call it interactive.
The interview takes a lot of shapes.
I'm going to put some examples of ways to have a sex that doesn't be quiet in the common or female forms.
For example, there's the case of the individual analyzing the extreme impact of the common self-assembly of the chromosome -- and it tells the protesters, that we all have in the ground life, which are becoming plastic.
And then, in the ground life, testicles produce testosterone.
But since this individual looks like textiles of testosterone, the body doesn't react to the same way.
It's the syndrome.
So, there are high levels of testosterone, but without reaction.
As a result, the body is developed by a typically feminine course.
When it does, the baby has a little girl.
It's a girl. It's raised as a child.
And often, it's not until puberty, when it's growing up and developing them, but it doesn't have the menstrual period, when someone realizes something is going on.
After doing it, you realize that instead of having ovarian and uterus actually has testicles and a chromosome.
The important thing to understand is that you can think it's a man, but it's actually not like this.
Women like men, we have in the body something called a pandemic plants.
They're in the back of the body.
Paradigm glands produce advances, the hormone hormone.
Most women like me -- I consider a typical woman -- I don't know their massive structure -- I think being a typical woman most women like me are sensitive to the adventures.
We produce angles, and we respond to the advances.
As a result, someone like me have the most exposed brain to the ingredients than the woman who was born with mathematicians who have the syndrome.
So sex is a complicated thing. It's not that the intersections are in the middle of the spectrum -- in some ways they can be everywhere.
Another example: a few years ago I got a call from a 19-year-old boy who was born and raised as a workers -- I had noise, and sex relationships with her, he had a life like a boy and just discovered that he had ovarian and the tree.
He had a extreme way of a disease known as a female passion.
It had chromosomes 20th and the stealing leaders were so active that, in essence, they created a male hormone environment.
As a result, their genitals were blocked, their brain was exposed to the minimum hormone component typically male.
He was born with a little child, no one suspected anything.
And it was at the age of 19, when he started to have medical problems caused by the internal understanding, when the doctors discovered that, in fact, it was woman inside.
Well, another quick example of a case of interface.
Some people with the 20th chromosomes develop what is known as a research, which is to say, they have rain tissue wrapped in terrible tissue.
We don't know why that happens.
So there are lots of sex.
The reason that kids with these kinds of bodies -- whether they're hand, microbes signs, or all these all sorts of servers -- is not to be able to provide a better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy.
The reason you get to several surgeries is that they're an threat for our social categories.
The system is normally based on the idea that an particular anatomy brings a particular identity.
We have the idea that being woman is to have female identity -- presumably being black means to have African anatomy in historical terms.
Really simplistic idea.
And when you present a body that shows something quite different, we have problems with consumer.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about invisible.
Our nation is based on a concept of very romantic ingredients.
Imagine how amazing it is to have children who are born as two people within a same body.
The latest case is last year with the South African career Mars Simandi -- he was in his sex in the International Campaigns of Berlin.
Many journalists call up to ask me, "What are you going to do to determine whether Casey Same is man or woman."
And I had to explain to journalists that there are no such such thing.
In fact, we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature doesn't bring a transparent line between men and women or men and all men and all women and all women and all women and all women and all women and excessives, we are the ones who we do that line.
So what we have is a situation where the more advanced science, the more we have to admit that these categories -- that we thought were stable anatomical categories that are matched directly with stable experimental categories -- they're much more displaced than we thought.
And not only in terms of sex.
Also in terms of race, something that happens to be much more complicated than the terminology allows you.
As we see, we have a rough terrain.
Look, for example, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of the DNA with chimpanzees.
What do we think about the fact of making a few scales in just a few subjects?
And as we progress in science we get more and more in a uncomfortable area where we need to recognize that the simplistic categories that we build are probably too simplistic.
And we're looking at this in all the habits of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States today, are the struggles at the beginning and the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment from which a body comes human and has different rights to the photos.
There are very skilled discussions today -- maybe not in public, but I know within medicine -- about when someone is considered dead.
Our ancestors never had to show them with this question of whether someone was dead.
As a lot of them put a pen on the front of the nose, and if you moved still they didn't have it.
If I stopped moving it out.
But today we can, for example, extract vital organs from a body and put them in another body.
And as a result, we need to face the dilemma of really determining someone's death, and this puts us in a hard situation where we don't have the simple categories in the past.
And you might think that this explosion of categories could make someone like me.
In politics I'm a progressive, defining people with unusual bodies, but I have to admit that it gets me nervous.
To find that these categories are much more unstable.
I think of the concept of the concept of democracy.
And to tell you about this tension first I have to admit that I am a former fan of the parents Friday.
I know they were racist -- I know they were sexually, but they were big.
I mean, they were so brave and powerful and so radical in what they did -- that I find each other and watching that musical course because of the music, which is totally superstar.
That's why happened in "The "Parking with the parents.
The parents of the Parks were, for me, the first activist activists and explained why.
What they rejected was an anatomical concept and replaced it with another which was radical and beautiful and stayed for 200 years.
And as they all remember, what our parents rejected was the idea of the monarchy -- the monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of the analogy.
The old world monarchs didn't know DNA, but they had clear the idea of the birth of birth.
They had the concept of blue blood.
They were from the idea that it came to political power for the blood of blood transfer from the grandfather and then the son, etc.
The parents were rejected that idea and replaced it by a new anatomical concept and that concept was that all men are created equal.
They brought the game field and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the anatomy in common and not antibiotics. That was a very radical thing.
And they were doing it because they were doing part of a broken system where two things were being upset.
It was being saved democracy and at the same time I was born science.
And it was very clear, if we look at the story of the parents, which many were very interested in science and the idea of a natural world.
They were getting rid of the supernatural explanation, and so they rejected the concept of supernatural power transmitted through an idea of a recent idea of birth.
They were moving towards a natural concept.
And if we look, for example, the Declaration of Afghanistan, talk about nature and the god of nature.
They don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in implication they were giving us the idea of immediate coincidence.
And by doing so, they were feeling the foundations of the future Civil Rights movement.
They didn't think that way, but they did it for us, and it was great.
And what years next?
And women succeeded.
Then he came the success of the Civil Rights Movement with people from the career of Super Treat, who said, "I'm not a woman."
We found men in the lines of the Civil Rights Movement saying, "I'm a man."
Again, people of color who applied to the anatomical coincidence about the anatomical difference and, again, they succeeded.
We see the same thing with the Slow Company.
The problem is, of course, as we look at the coincidence we need to start asking ourselves why we keep certain choices.
But attention, I want to keep some anatomical divisions in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give you a fish the same rights as a human.
I don't want to say that we should give ourselves to the anatomy.
I don't mean that the kids of five were allowed to be allowed to have sexual relationships or married.
There are some anatomical decisions that for me to make sense and that I think we should hold up.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why keep them and if they make sense.
Well, let's go back to those two conversations at the beginning of this talk.
We have two series, both conceived in the middle of 1979, exactly the same day.
Imagine that one of them, Mary was born three months before time -- June 1, 1980.
Henry, by the contrary, was born in the size -- was born in March 1, 1980.
For the only fact that I was born three months before Mary is attributed to all the rights three months before Henry -- the right to the sexual consent, the right to the vote, the right to drink.
Henry has to wait for all of that not because it has a different biological age, but because it was born.
We found other characters in relation to their rights.
Henry, in virtue of being considered man -- if I haven't told you if it's 38, in virtue of being considered a man now is a possibility of mandatory carrier that Mary doesn't have to worry about.
Marine, on his part, doesn't have the same rights to marriage that Henry in all states, for example.
Henry can be married in all states with a woman, but Mary can marry a woman just in some states.
So they still serve anatomical categories that in various ways are problematic and questionable.
And now the question is: What do we do now that science was moving so much in the field of anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a democracy based on anatomy could be able?
I don't want to give you to science, but at the same time sometimes I feel like science is destroyed.
Where do we go?
It seems that what happens in our culture is a kind of pragmatic attitude, "Well, we have to cross the line somewhere, so we're going to do it."
But a lot of people are stuck in a rare position.
For example: Texas at a certain point has decided that to marry a man you don't have to have chromosome and that to marry a woman you have to have chromosome and have a chromosome.
Now, in practice they don't do commitment to people.
But this is also very strange to give the story that I told you at the beginning of the dependence on the advances.
If you look at one of the founding fathers of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King, in his speech, "I have a solution to offer a solution.
It says we should judge people based on the color of their skin, but in the content of their cartoon," going beyond the anatomy.
And I want to say, "Yes, the idea looks really good."
But in practice, how do you do?
How do you judge people based on their race?
I want to point out also that I'm not sure that we should be able to stay on this to guarantee people to people, because I have to admit that I know about some of them restore that probably deserve more social services than some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some of the speakers that I know can make more informed decisions, intelligent and mothers about their sex relationships than people of 40 I know.
So how do you put in practice the issue of the cartoonist content?
It turns out very hard.
And one part of me is wondering what would happen if the character of a person could in the future be measured with an instrument, maybe with a magnetic MRI.
Do we want to really get to that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States continues to guide this current thinking of thinking about democracy issue.
We've done a good job in defense of democracy, and I think we'll do a good job in the future.
We don't live -- for example, in a context like the Iranian that a man who feels attracted by other men is susceptible to be killed, unless it's willing to be subjected to a sex change, in which case you can live it.
We're not in that situation.
I'm glad to say that we don't have a context like the one in a surgeon that I talked about a couple of years ago that he had made light twin lights to then separate them and then affect their fame.
But when the phone asked him the reason of the operation, I was a very risky operation -- I was told that in that other country, these kids would be very battered and so I had to do it.
So I said, "Well, has the political asylum for instead of the surgical search?
The United States offers enormous possibilities to people who are without forced to change for the state of the state.
So I think we have to be on the head.
Well, to end up, I mean I've been talking a lot about parents.
And I want to think about how democracy, or as it might have been, if we had given more participation to the mothers.
And I want to say something a little bit radical for a feminist -- which is that I think there can be different ideas coming from different anatomical applications, particularly if there are people thinking about groups.
For years, since I've been interested in interaction, I've also been interested in investigating sexual difference.
And one of the things that I've been interested in is the differences between men and women in terms of how to think and operate in the world.
And what we know about cultural studies is that women, in average, not all, but in average, they tend to pay more attention to the complex social relationships and to take care of those who are vulnerable within the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
And years ago, when I was in graduate school, one of my adviser that I knew I was interested in in feminism -- I was considered feminist -- like now -- made me a story stuff.
Tell me what the memory is for for members."
And I thought, "It's the most stupid question I've ever heard.
Feminism has to do with destroying gender stereotypes, so there's nothing female in the emission."
But the more I thought about your question, the more it has seemed to me that there is something female about emotion.
That is, that there might be something, in average, something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more attention to the complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable.
So while the parents were very encouraged to find the way to protect people from the state, it is possible that, to have injected more mothers to this concept, maybe we would have enriched the concept of protection with the extra support.
And maybe that's what we need to do in the future when we bring democracy beyond analogy, think less in the individual body, in terms of identity, and think more about relationships.
So as we try to create a more perfect moon, we think about what we do by the other.
Thank you.
In 2007, I decided we had to rethink how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where each family wants to go live and work, have the possibility to choose between at least a handful of different cities that are competing for attracting new residents to attract new residents of them.
Well, we're far away from that goal.
There are billions of people in developing countries that don't count with a single city willing to get them.
But the amazing thing about cities is that they are worth more than their cost of construction.
So we could easily deliver to the world, maybe hundreds of new cities.
Well, this can sound absurd if you've never thought about new cities.
But just replace them by apartment buildings.
Imagine that half of those who wanted to live in apartments were already property and that the other half is still missing to do it.
They could try to increase the capability by making all the extensions in the existing buildings.
But you know that the problem that you face is that those buildings and areas that surround them have rules to avoid the risks and the building discreations.
So it would be very difficult to do all of those supports.
But they could go to a completely new place, build a completely new apartment building and when the rules of that place make the construction instead of putting it out.
So I proposed that governments create new enough forms of reform enough to contain cities and gave them a name, cities under status.
I later learned that more or less at the same time, January and Victorian were thinking about the challenge of reform Harvards.
They knew that every year around 75,000 farmers would come out of their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Harvards.
In the summer of 2009, Honduras.
In the next regular elections, Philip Bob automatically imposed with a platform in which promises reform, and at the same time recognized.
He asked Chinese to be his head of generation.
Meanwhile, I was preparing to give a talk in TEDGlobal.
Through a process of defective, trial and error and a lot of tests with users, I tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under state to their most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of norms, like those rules that say that you can't go and withstand all the current apartments of events.
We paid a lot of attention to new technologies, but you need so much of technologies like rules to progress and usually the rules that prevent us forward.
In the back of 2010, a friend of Guatemala sent him to HIV an links with the TEDTalk.
I showed it to Javas.
They called me.
They said, "Let's get this to the leaders of our country."
So in December we met in Miami, in a hotel room.
I tried to explain to you this point about how valuable cities are, much more valuable than their own monetary cost.
And I used this image that shows the value of land in a place like New York City, look at that in some cases, worth thousands of dollars per square meter.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion and at some point, when there was a pause, and he said, "Oh, maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk.
And the talk described in very simple terms that a city under the state is a place where you start with started transportations, a state that makes the rules that are being applied there and a choice for people to choose whether they want to go or not live under those norms.
So the president of Artsy called me, and he told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this could be the way to make our country forward.
I was asked to go to Greenland and talk about four and five of January.
So I presented another talk full of data, which included an image like this, which was trying to explain that to generate a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Line and the white line is the new airport that was built in Line.
Only this airport covers over 100 square miles.
So I was trying to convince the innovators that to build a new city, you have to start with a place that was measured at least 1,000 square miles.
That's over 100,000 acres.
The whole world clapping.
The public faces were very serious and artist.
The head of the Congress came up to the platform and said, "Professor Twitter, thank you very much for your talk, but maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk.
I have here in my computer.
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalks.
And this explains the essential -- that a new city can offer new choices for people.
There would be a choice of a city that you might go to be in Harvards, rather than hundreds of miles away to the North.
And it also included new options for leaders.
Because the leaders of the government of Honduras. They needed to help countries from associated countries, they could benefit from the countries that would help them to establish and make the standards of the status so that everybody could trust that the status effectively turned on.
We went and saw a site.
This picture is from there.
It could easily be a thousand square miles.
And shortly after, 19 percent of January, voted in Congress to expand their constitution and add a constitutional device that allowed to create these special regions of development.
In a country that just passed through this painful crisis, the voting in Congress in favor of this constitutional context was 424 to one.
All the parties -- all the choices in society, they backed it.
To include in the Contractor, you have to take two times in Congress.
The February 17 was approved again in another voting of 144 to one.
Immediately after the voting of 21, 21 to February 24, a 300 security delegation went to two places in the world that are more interested in engaging in the building of cities.
One of them is South Korea.
This is a picture of a new big center in the city that's being built in South Korea. It's bigger than the Boston center.
Everything you see there was built in four years, after they spent four years to get the periods.
The other country interested in building cities is Singapore.
In fact, they've already built two cities in China and they're preparing for a third.
And if you think about it in a practical way, this is the point where we are.
They have a site, and they're already thinking about a place for the second city.
They're preparing a legal system that would allow the administrators to come and then allow it to operate under a external legal system.
A country has already committed to allow his Supreme Court to be the last foundation for this new criminal system.
There are urban creatures and cities that are very interested in the project.
You can even get some funding.
But the only thing we know you've solved is that they have a good number of inhabitants.
There are a lot of companies who wanted to be installed in the Americas, especially in a place with a free control zone, and there are a lot of people who would like to go live there.
In the world there are 700 million people who say they would like to change immediately.
There's a million to the year that comes out of Latin America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents who have to leave their family to go back to their family to get a job, sometimes they are leaders that have to earn the money to just eat or buy clothing.
Unfortunately, sometimes even kids are trying to meet with their parents that you haven't seen, in some cases, in a decade.
So what does it seem to think about building a new city in Harvards?
Or build a dozen of these, or a hundred of these around the world?
What does it seem to think about insisting so that families can choose between various cities that are competing to attract new responsible?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my amazing friends asked me to say, "Thank you TED.
I'm Jesus, and this is my rain.
But before you show you what's inside, I'm going to make a public confession and is that, I live obsessed with the suit.
I love to find, dress, and more recently, photograph and publish in my blog and arrived and different for every time.
But I didn't buy anything new.
All my clothes is a second hand of puzzle markets and shops of second hand.
Oh, thank you.
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my sending in the environment and in my wallet.
I get to know interesting people, usually my money goes to a good cause. My aspect is unique, and buying it become my personal search for technologies.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
Is it my table?
Would I like color to it?
Would cost less than 20 dollars?
If all the answers are positive, then I feel I've won.
Going back to the subject of my vagina, I want to tell you what I started for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what brings someone to do with that role?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I brought in.
I've brought seven pairs of inner clothes.
It happened inside for exactly a week that's put in my rain.
I imagined that I would be able to find everything else that I wanted to use after getting here to Palm Sergior.
And because they don't know me as the woman who walks at TED in inner clothes,  that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now the sets for this week.
Doesn't it sound interesting?
While I do, I'm also going to tell you some of the life lessons that believe it or not, I've learned in this adventure of not using new clothing.
Let's start with Sunday.
This is a brilliant tiger here.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to see good.
You can almost see you simple for less than 50 dollars.
All the together, including the jacket, costs me 55 -- and it's the most expensive thing I've used in the week.
Monday planets: color is energy.
It's almost impossible to be a bad mood, when you're wearing a bright red screen.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other happy people.
Mars: The integration is distant.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time to show me.
Just yourself.
If you surround the right people, you don't just understand you, you'll also appreciate you.
Richard."
Sometimes people tell me that it seems to play the disconnects, or I remind them for their little of seven years.
I like to tell you and say, "Thank you.
They put the confidence of concept.
If you think you look good with something, it's almost safe you are.
And if you think you don't look good with something, it's probably true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the 30 years I really understood his meaning.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your inner and outside, you don't look at you can't attract it.
So there's no excuse for anybody in this audience.
We must be able to achieve everything we want to do.
Thank you.
Virgins: A universal truth six words for you: the pink dolphins go with everything.
And finally, side, develop a personal style of personal style is a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've tried it over and over again when people approached me this week just by what I was using -- and we had fantastic conversations.
Obviously all this is not going to go into my little sentence.
So before I went home, to Brooklyn, I'm going to donate everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave certain things.
I don't need to make sure emotionally to these things, because the back of the corner, there will always be another crazy suit, colorful and bright suit, if there's a little love in my heart and looking for me.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can split in two parts.
The left side, which is the logic side, and the right side, which is the intuitive part.
So if we use a scale to measure the altitude of every hemisphere, we could design a blueprint of our brain.
For example, this would be someone who is completely logical.
This would be someone who is totally intuitive.
So where would you take your brain on this scale?
Some of them would take one of these extremes, but I think for most of the intriguing of this audience, their brain is something like this -- with a great laptop in both self-depressed symptoms at the same time.
It's not that they're mutually analyzed.
You can be logic and intuitive.
I consider one of those people, that just as most of the other critical physicists, we need a lot of logic to address these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need pretty intuition to make the experiments really work.
How do we develop this intuition? Well, we like to play with things.
We can play with them, and then we see how they react. And then we develop our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
Certain intuition that you may have developed over the years is the one that says that one thing can be only in one place at once.
I mean, it can sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you weren't born with this notion of it.
I remember looking at a child playing in a parking bar.
It was a small child, and he didn't do it very well, always falling down.
But I bet that playing with that state of parking a parking bar taught a valuable lesson, and it is that big things don't allow the transportation and they stay in a place.
This is a great conceptual model that you can have in the world, except that you are a particle physics physicist.
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist because they don't play with stations of parking with these strange little particles.
And when they play with their particles, they discover that they do all kinds of weird things -- like they can go through walls, or they can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations and called quantum mechanics.
At that point, the physics was found a few years ago -- needed quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But you didn't need it to describe the big objects that surround us every day.
That didn't fit very well to my intuition, and maybe it's because I don't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not a lot.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, nobody ever saw a particle here.
But it didn't really fit my logical part.
Because if everything is made of small particles and all the little particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics, then shouldn't all follow the principles of quantum mechanics?
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't be.
And so I felt much better if I could somehow prove that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics.
That's why I was asked to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object you can see that has been in an overlap of quantum mechanics.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green point right in the middle.
That's the metal metal I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to extend it a little bit. It's right in the center.
And then we do a good approach to the small metal cycle.
What we see is a small piece of metal, with a paradigm form and that it was supported in a platform.
And then I did this almost the same way that you would make a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip and I went to work all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to do this company with a sort of an analysis that is found underneath the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum supercomputer, but for it it needs some help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how uncomfortable it is to be in a elevator full of people.
I mean, when I am in a elevator alone, I do all sorts of weird things, but then when other people come up and I stop doing those things, because I don't want to bother them, or actually scare it.
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way.
The journey workers of the inanimate objects are not just people, it's also the light that shines it and the wind that happens to their side and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this little bits of metal to behave according to quantum mechanics, we would have to push all the other passengers away.
And that's what we did.
We put the lights off, then we introduced a vacuum and we extracted all air, and then we cool it into a temperature of less than a degree above absolute zero.
Now, when you're alone in the elevator -- the little bits of metal is free to act as it wants.
So we measured their movements.
We found it moving in very strange ways.
Instead of getting perfectly still, I was disappointed. And the way that I was vibrating was like a breath in this way -- like a power that expands and contributes to it.
And when you give it a smooth purple, we could make it surface and not survived at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean that a dead thing and doesn't survive at the same time?
Let's think about atoms.
In one case, all the atoms of atoms that make that little bits of metal are still, and at the same time, those same atoms are moving up and down.
It's just in the early days when those are coming together.
In the rest of the time they are devastated.
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time, what it means at the same time, the whole piece of metal is in two different places.
I think this is great.
Seriously.
He was worth noting in a clean room to do this for all those years, because, look at this, the difference in scale between one atom atom and that metal piece is kind of the same as the difference between that piece of metal and you.
So if one atom atom can be in two different places at the same time, and that metal piece can be in two different places, why not you do it?
I mean, it's my logical part that I talk about.
So imagine if they were in various places at the same time, what would that be?
How do you get your consciousness if your body was rooted in space?
There's another part of history.
And it is when we heat it, and we lit the lights and look inside the box, we saw that the metal was still there in one piece.
And I could get to this new intuition, seemingly all the objects in the elevator are actually only quantum objects that are just made in a small space.
You hear a lot about how quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more than that, it's more profound.
It's that those connections, your connections to all the things that surround you, literally define who you are, and that's the profound characteristic of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is America.
And 18 months ago, I was doing another job at Google, until I quit the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss that I was here and allowed me to take it out.
It took me 18 months and so on.
A lot of negotiations and stories, I assure you, with 17 very interesting museums of nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on the demo here.
There are a lot of stories of why we did.
I think my own story is simply explained to this slide and this is the access.
I grew up in India.
It makes a big education -- not waste me, but I didn't have access to many of these museums and artwork.
So when I started traveling and going to museum, I started learning a lot.
And working on Google, I try to make the desire to make it more accessible by technology.
So we formed a team, a great team of people, and we started doing it.
And better than show the demo to then explain a couple of interesting things that we have led to their launch.
So, we just go to Google ...
Look around all the museums that you have.
There's the gallery of the Colica, the Mozart, the Mark, the Mark -- Van Man.
I'm actually going to go into one of my favorites, to the Parkinson's art museum in New York.
There are two ways of doing it -- very simple.
We click and, "My way, we're inside the museum.
No matter where you are, bomb or English, that doesn't really matter.
You move around and you get fun.
Would you want to navigate for the museum for the museum, right?
We opened up the flat, and with a single click, we jumped inside.
They are inside, that you want to go at the end of the hall.
Go forward. They're distributionally.
They explore.
Thank you, but I haven't reached the best.
Now I'm in front of one of my favorite paintings, "The PowerPoint Keith caps in the Parkins.
I see the sign of G.C.
If the museum shows us the image, we click there.
Look, this is one of the images.
Here's all the data information.
For those of you who are really interested in art, you can click there, but I'm going to click here right now.
And this is one of the images we've captured in what we call the degraded technology.
So this image, for example, contains about 10,000 million polices.
And there are many people who ask me, "What do you get with 10,000 million paintings?
So I'm going to show you what you really get with 10,000 million polices.
It can make it some very simple story.
You see funny things that are happening.
I love this kid, his expression has no price.
But if you really want to provide it.
So I started playing and I found something that happened there.
And I said, "A moment, this seems interesting."
I went into and discovered that kids were actually playing something.
I research a little bit, I talked to some people from the Parkinson's Polar, and I actually found that this is a game called "conceptualizing -- which is to hit a time with a stick on the Tuesday Tuesday floor.
And apparently I was very popular.
I don't know why they did, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to stop even deeper and see that you can actually get to the cracks.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to leave the image, so you really see what there is.
Here's where we were, and this is the painting.
The best thing is to come, a second.
So now we're going quickly to jump back to MoMA in New York.
Here's another one of my favorites, "The night standing standing."
The example I showed was to find details.
But what if you want to see the speeches?
What if you want to see Magain actually created this strange work?
It increases it and it really does.
I'm going to one of my favorite parts in this painting, and I'm really going to get to the cracks.
This is "The "State night, I think I'd never seen that before.
I'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions.
There are a lot of things here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part. It's called "The "Texting collection."
All of you, absolutely all, doesn't matter whether it's rich or poor, or if you have a mansion.
You can actually create your own museum, create your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we come in, and I created this function that I call "the power of the "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "Ford of the "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The point of the "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "Ford
This is "The "Archies in the National Gallery of London.
You can take things, send them to your friends and keep a conversation about what they feel when you contemplating these masterpieces of it.
So in conclusion, I think for me, the main thing is that all amazing things don't really come from Google.
No, in my opinion, they even don't come from the museums.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
Actually, they come from those artists.
And that's been my humble experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital medium does justice to your artwork of art, and it's represented right online.
And the big question they ask me today is, "You did this to prevent the experience of going to a museum "down!"
And the answer is no.
It's to supplement the experience.
And that's it. Thank you.
Thank you.
Good afternoon.
I have something to show you.
Think it's a paint, a flying plate.
In our lab, we call it sensitive design.
Let me tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture -- I am an Italian origin -- all the kids in Italy grow with this picture on the wall of his bedroom. But the reason I show you this is that it has happened something very interesting in the careers.
So some time ago, if you wanted to win a camera from Frank, you would take a budget and put it into a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and the pilot were good enough, you would win the career.
This is what in engineering is called control system in real time.
It's essentially a system that has two components -- a sensor and a advertising.
The interesting thing is that real-time control systems are starting to enter our lives.
Our cities, in the last few years, have been covered with networks and electronic networks.
They're going back to free air.
And as such, they're starting to respond differently and can be detected and activated.
So the cities is a big thing.
As an aside, I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the Earth's cortex but represent 50 percent of the world's population.
75 percent of the energy consumption -- and to 80 percent of the CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be a big thing.
Beyond cities, all these choices and activists are entering our everyday objects.
This is from an exhibition of Apple Roman for the end of year at MoMA, during the summer.
It's called "The "Toy "To me."
Well, our objects, the environment, start talking to us.
In a way, it's like almost all atoms of existing atoms become sensors and astronomers.
And that is completely changing.
In a sense, it's almost like the old dream of Michelangelo.
You know, when Michelangelo Long sculpted the Moses, he says that at the end he took the hammer, and he threw it down to the Moses --  he can still see a little bit ball underneath it, and he said, "Is it perfectly going to pain "down "When you don't talk about?
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts to talk to us.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples -- looking at the idea of capturing the environment and to do something.
Let's start with choice.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects in our lab.
This was four and a half years ago in Italy.
It was a summer with luck of 2006.
It was the year that Italy won the World Cup County.
Maybe some of you remember it, they played Italy and France, and at the end Middle Katrina gave the head.
And anyway, at the end won Antarctic.
Now let's see what happened that day by looking at activity happening on the net.
Here we see the city.
You see the Collection in the middle and the river State.
It's the morning, before the game.
The time line is at the top.
On the early evening there are people over here and there are called, moving on.
It starts the state: silence.
Google of France.
English: people do a quick call and go to the bathroom.
Second time. End of time.
First extra time -- second time.
Karling, and at a moment, the head.
wins Italy, yeah!
That night everybody went to celebrate the center.
There you see the big summit.
The next day they were all at the center of the winning team and the first minister of then.
And then everybody went down.
You see the image of the place called Circulor Microsoft where, since the family time, people will celebrate, it's a big party, you can see the peak at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how the pulse of the city can be measured in a way that we wouldn't have been able to do just a few years ago.
Another quick example of detection -- it's not about people, but things we use and consume it.
Today, we know all about the decline of our objects.
This is a map that shows all the chips that make a Mac, how they support it.
But we know very little about where things go.
So in this project we developed some small tags to track the trash in their shift by the system.
We started with a couple of volunteers that helped us in Seattle recently more than a year -- to label what they were going on, different kinds of things, as you can see, things that all of us would look at.
Then we put a little chip, a tag tag and then we started tracking it.
These are the results of the results.
It's going on Seattle.
after a week.
With this information, we realized that there are a lot of implications in the system.
We can do the same thing with much less energy.
These are data that didn't exist before.
They're happening complicated things, and there's a lot of unnecessary transportation.
But the other thing we believe is that if you look at all the days that the cup that we carry doesn't disappear, which is still somewhere on the planet.
That if the plastic bottle that we run on a day still stays there.
And if we show that to people, then we can promote some change change.
That was the reason of the project.
My colleague at MIT, Santa Konger, could tell us a lot more about detection and many other great things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we mentioned at the beginning, which is to act on the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in March ...
It all started with a question of the city mayor that came and told us that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of use of water in public spaces, in architecture.
And the question was, how can technology, new technology, get to that?
And one of the ideas we developed at MIT, in a workshop was, imagine you have a house and biochemists, blood valves that open up and shut up.
It's created as a water curtain, with water paintings.
If you drop the pixels you can write on them, showing patterns, images, text.
And when you zoom in, the curtain will open up so that we can go by, as you see in the image.
So we presented this to the Los Leone mayor.
He liked a lot.
And I choose a commission to design the building to the entrance of the exhibition.
We call it Black Asian Baby.
The whole building is made of water.
There are no doors or windows but when you get closer to open up so you can go through.
The roof is also covered with water.
And if there's a little bit of wind, if you want to minimize the savings, you lower the roof.
Or you can close the building, and all the architecture disappears, like in this case.
There will always be somebody in the winter -- when they lower the roof -- someone who was there and said, "Do you demonstrate the building."
No, it's not that they have devastated, but when it comes down almost all the architecture comes away.
Here it is at work.
You see people who are intrigued by what's going on.
And here I am trying to not get to test the sensors that open the water.
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working.
That night was actually even more fun.
All the kids in March came to the building because the way to interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that was open to let let him happen, but a building that kept making slices and holes of water and one had to jump to not move.
(Court noises) And for us that was very interesting because as architects, engineers, designers, we always think about use that people will give our designs.
But then the reality is always unpredictable.
And that's the beauty of doing things to interact, that people use.
This is a picture of the building with the physical pixels -- the water pixels and the projections about them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those pixels could start flying.
Imagine you could have little helicopters in the air, and that each one had a little paint that changes color as if it was a cloud moving in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter, like the one we saw before, moving with others in synchrony.
We could form this cloud.
A kind of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions.
Or normal, but in three dimensions, where what changes is light, not police position.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine the screen appeared in different scales and sizes. In different kinds of resolution.
And then all that could be a cloud cloud in 3D that you can zoom in, and go through it, and see from very different perspectives.
This is the real publishing Francisco, going down to the bottom to form a veil, like that.
When you turn the light, you see this. The same thing we saw before.
Imagine each of them controlled by one person.
We can have every pixel with an input that comes from people, from the movement of people, etc., etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Boll -- one of the best ballet dancers today, the New York star star in New York City and Ball Senation to capture their movements in 3D and use them as an entry for the Francisco.
Here we can see Vacility dancing.
On the left you see the pixels -- the capture in different resolution.
It's so much 3D digital democracy in real time as motion capture.
It can rebuild all the movement.
You can walk all the way.
And once we have the pixels we can play with them, with the color and movement, with gravity and religion.
We want to use this as a possible entry for the Francisco.
I wanted to show you the last project that we're working on.
It's something for the Olympics.
It's called the cloud.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could engage people to do something and change our environment -- almost like a crowd of clouds, like the grain of gravity, but with a cloud.
Imagine we could get everybody to donate a little bit for a pixel.
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened in the last few years is that, in the last two decades, we went from the physical world to the digital world.
We've digitized everything like knowledge, and it's accessible through the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- and the Obama campaign showed us, we can move from the digital world, the self-organizing power of networks, the physical world.
In our case, this may be we wanted to use it to design and make a symbol.
That would mean something built in a city.
But tomorrow can be to address today's challenges -- think about climate change or CO2 emissions -- how to move from digital world to the physical world?
The idea is that we can make people involved to do this together, collectively, collective form.
The cloud is a cloud, again, made of pixels in the same way that the real cloud is a cloud of particles.
And those particles are water, whereas in our cloud are pixels in our clouds.
It's a physical structure in London, but covered with points.
You can move around inside, having different experiences.
It can be seen from the bottom, to be able to share the main moments of the Olympic games of 2012, and even more, and can be used as a form of connection to the community.
So it's both a physical cloud of the sky as something you can go up, like a new top of London.
You can get there.
As if it was a new digital detail at night, but the most important thing is to be a new experience for anyone who goes to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than they are?
Suppose I would tell you that, with just a few changes in their genes, they could improve memory -- for a more accurate and more quickly.
Or maybe they would like to be more strong, to be stronger than having more resistance.
Would you like to be more attractive and insurance of themselves?
What about living with good health?
Or maybe those people who always wanted to be more creative.
What else would you like this?
What would you like to choose something?
Milky Member: Creativity -- creativity.
How many people choose creativity?
Hands up. Let me see.
few. You probably had the number of creative people present.
That's very good.
How many of you choose the memory?
Some more.
What about the physical state.
A little less.
What about the engineering?
Oh, most of that makes me feel very well as a doctor.
If you could have some of this the world that would be very different.
Is it just imagination?
Or perhaps possible?
Evolution has been a permanent theme here at the TED Conference today, but today I want to give you a look at a physician on the subject.
The great geneticists of the 20th century, Thumb, March, who also collected the Christian Rock Church wrote a stored trial in biology makes sense of the light of evolution.
But if you really accept biological evolution to consider this: it's just the past, or the future?
Is it about others or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch -- well at one end, is, of course, the most interesting one.
We move from a common ancestor with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago.
There have been maybe 20 or 25 different species of the metropoles.
Some have gone back and forth.
We've been here about 130 years.
It might seem that we are very far from other parts of this tree of life, but actually, mostly the basic machinery of our cells is roughly the same.
Do you realize that we can harness and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of human insulin that is used to treat the disability?
This is not like the human insulin -- but it's the same protein, basically anti-partnership, which comes out of the pancreas out of the pancreas out.
And talking about bacteria -- realizing that we all take into the most bacteria that the cells we have in the rest of the body?
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, do you think -- when Antonio Danger asks you about the paradigm -- think about males?
The gut is a beautifully hospital environment for those bacteria.
It's warm, dark. Hey, it's very excused.
And we're going to provide all the nutrients that you can want without effort of your part.
It really is like a quick pathway for bacteria with the occasional disruption of some force to the output.
But by the way, we're a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential to our life.
They help digest special nutrients and protect us from certain diseases.
But what does the future do?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary equilibrium as a species?
Or tend to become something different, something perhaps better adapted to the environment?
In this vast endless symphony of the universe, life on Earth is like a brief company -- the animal kingdom, like a single and only compassion, and human life, a little bit of grace.
That was us.
And it was also the entertaining part of this talk, so I hope you've enjoyed it.
When I first went to college, I had my first class of biology.
I was fascinated by the elegance and beauty of biology.
I fell in love with the power of evolution, and I realized something fundamental -- in most of the existence of life, in the single-celled organisms, each cell just divided and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to two cells.
But when organisms appear. Things start to change.
It enters sexual reproduction.
And something very important -- with the emergence of sexual reproduction that happens the genome, the rest of the body becomes essential.
In fact, you could say that the inevitable of the death of the body comes into evolution at the same time of sexual reproduction.
I have to tell you that when I was a college student, I thought, well, sex, sex, death for sex -- it seemed pretty reasonable at that time, but with every year that I did, every time I had more doubt.
I got to understand the feelings of George Bureau, which still was done in Vegas.
And one night someone hits their hotel door at night.
He opens the door.
In front of him, you find a magnificent cold cartoon color.
He looks at it and says, "Go in search for a sex salmon."
"All right, he says George says, "I choose the supermarket."
I realized, as a doctor, who was working on a different goal to the goal of evolution, not necessarily discipline, just different.
I was trying to preserve the body.
I wanted us to stand healthy.
I wanted to regain health in the disease.
I wanted us to live more and more healthy.
Evolution is going to pass the genome into the next generation, adapting and survival generation after generation.
From an evolutionary point of view, you are like a desire rockets designed to send the genetic load to the next orbital level, and then let me fall into the sea.
I think we all understand the feeling they express Woody Allen when he said, "I don't want to get the immortality through my work.
I want to do it not moving."
Evolution doesn't necessarily favor longevity.
It doesn't necessarily force the bigger or the stronger or the faster or even the most intelligent one.
Evolution favors the best adapted creatures to their environment.
That's the only test of survival and success.
In the bottom of the ocean the demand bacteria that can survive the heat of the computers that would produce -- if there were fish there, fish fish to the vacuum, yet they've managed to make that a resolution environment.
So what does this mean when we look at what's happening in evolution, and if we can think about the place of humans in evolution, and in particular, if we look forward to the next phase -- I would say that there are many possibilities.
The first is that we don't evolve.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine, in the first place, we've been able to preserve a lot of genes that otherwise would have been discarded and removed from the population.
And secondly, as a species, we have confused our environment to adapt to us as well as we adapt to it.
And by the way, we crossed, and we engaged so much that it's no longer possible to have the isolation necessary for evolution.
A second possibility is that a traditional kind of evolution is produced by the forces of nature.
And the argument here would be: that the evolution of evolution is going to roll up and they're incredibly incredible.
And in the symbolic of the isolation when we have a lot of different planets are going to exist the isolation and the environmental changes that can produce evolution differently.
But there is a third possibility, an attractive possibility.
The so-called Neckets, the new evolution, which is not just natural, but guided and chosen by us as individuals in the decisions we will take.
Now, how could this happen?
How could we get to do this?
We first consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions about their offspring.
In some cultures, they're choosing to have more than women than women.
It's not necessarily good for society, but it's what it is at the individual and family level.
Think about also that if it could be possible to be able to choose not just the sex of your depression, but in your own body to do the genetic adjust to cure or prevent disease.
What if we could make genetic changes to eliminate diabetes or Alzheimer's or reduce the risk of cancer or eliminate the adaptation?
Would you not want to make those changes in their genes.
If we look at the future that kind of changes is going to be more and more possible.
The Human Genome Project started in 1990 and 12 years old.
It cost seven billion dollars.
The next year of having ended, in 2004, I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three or four months.
Today, you can get a full sequence of the three billion base pairs of the human genome at a close cost to the age of 20,000 and a week.
It's not going to be a lot to be able to make the human genome for 1,000 and becoming more and more to the reach of all.
You get those changes.
The same technology that has produced the human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not just going to protect us from themselves, but they're going to induce community against other viruses.
Believe or there's no experimental trial in course with the vaccine against the culture of culture in cells of a tobacco plant.
Can you imagine something good that comes out of the baby?
That's reality today and in the future is going to be more and more possible.
Imagine then only two small changes.
Can you change the cells of their bodies, but if they could change the cells of their detection?
What if they could change sperm and viruses, or change the very better community -- and give your children a better chance of a healthier life, remove the diabetes, eliminate the temperature, reduce the risk of cancer?
Who doesn't want children more sounded?
And then, that same analytical technology, that same engine engine that can produce the changes to prevent disease is going to allow us to also adopt savings -- a better memory memory.
Why not have the ingenuity of a Ken Ben especially if you could increase it with the next generation of the machine machine?
Why don't you have a faster control muscle that allows us to run faster and more distance?
Why not live longer?
This is going to be substance.
And when we were in conditions to pass this into the next generation and we can adopt the attributes that we want to have become the evolution of before in responsibility.
We're going to take a process that normally could take 100,000 years and we can compress it to 1,000 years, and maybe it happens within the next 100 years.
These are choices that their grandchildren, or the grandchildren of their grandchildren, are going to have them.
Are we going to use these options in a better society, more successful, more considerable?
Or, are we going to choose dramatically different attributes that we want for some of us but not for others?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more combined or more robust and more unreliable?
This is the kind of question we're going to have to face.
And the most profound thing of all: we're going to be able to develop wisdom and inherit the wisdom required to make these decisions out?
For good or worse, and before what I might think, these choices are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a great explosion when you're at 900 feet high.
Imagine a plane full of smoke.
Imagine a engine making clarity, class, class.
Click, click, class, class. It sounds frightening.
Well, I had a single seat that day. I was sitting in the occurrence.
It was the only one I could talk to the flight tests.
So I immediately looked at them, and they said, "There's no problem. We probably hit some bad."
The pilot had seen the plane, and we weren't so far.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot, the pilot with the Hudson River.
That's usually not the route.
He advanced the engine.
Imagine being in a plane and without noise.
And then he said three words.
The three most passionate words I've ever heard.
He said, "I will prepare for the complex."
I didn't have to talk more with the flight therapist.
I could see it in your eyes.
Life was over.
I want to share with you three things that I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in a second.
We have this list of things to do before we die, these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people I wanted to come in, and I didn't do, all the fences that I wanted to come in, all the experiences I wanted to have and never had.
While I was thinking about that later -- I came up with a sentence, which is, "I collect bad wine bad."
Because if the wine is ready, and the person is there, I'm going to open it.
I don't want to clap anything in life.
And that cognitive, that purpose, really has changed my life.
The second thing I learned that day -- and this is while we avoid the George Washington Bridge -- that I didn't have a lot of -- I thought about Cord, I really feel a big deal.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity, and my mistakes I've tried to improve everything I did.
But in my humanity I also give place to my ego.
And I regret the time that I wasted in things that didn't matter with people who matter.
And I thought about my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then, as a media in that, I decided to eliminate the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
In two years, I haven't had a fight with my wife.
It feels wonderful.
I'm not trying to be right. It will be happy.
The third thing I learned -- and this is what your mental clock is going on, "I go, 14, 13.
You see the water.
I'm saying, "Please come up."
I don't want this to be shot in 20 pieces as you see in those documentary papers.
And as we went down, I had the feeling of the Twoether, I had a sense of the country, to die not scary.
It's almost like we've been preparing for it all our life.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go, I love my life.
And that sadness got into a single thought, which is, just wish one thing.
I wish I could see my kids grow up.
One month later, I was in an act of my daughter -- first grade -- not a lot of artistic talent -- still --  And I scream, crying, like a small one.
And for me, that was the whole reason of being the world.
At that point I understood by connecting those two points, that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great father.
For all of all, the only goal I have in life is to be a good father.
I became a miracle, not to die that day.
And I became another gift, which was the possibility of looking at the future and go back and live differently.
You are flying today, the challenges that imagine that the same thing happens in your airplane -- and please don't be like this, but you can imagine, and how would they change?
What would you do, that they still expect to do because they think they're going to live forever, right?
How would they change their relationships and negative energy in them?
And most importantly, are the best parents you can do?
Thank you.
I've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the most great thing I worked on was for this guy.
The guy is called TEDx.
Hellockian was one of the most important gravitations in the '80s.
And one day she came home after running and said, "Dad, I feel a high in the parasites."
And that was the beginning of ALS.
Today Hello has a total paralysis, today.
You can only use your eyes.
His work influenced me.
I have a design firm and animation, so obviously, graffiti is something that we admire and respect in the world of art.
So we decided that we were going to sponsor Tony and Heating and his cause.
So I went and met with her brother and his father and I said, "We're going to give you this money.
What are you going to do with it?"
And his brother said, "I just want to be able to talk to Tony again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him, and he's able to communicate with me."
And I said, "A second, it's not that I have seen Stephen Hawking's not that all people with paralysis, can you communicate through those attacks?
And he said, "No, unless you are important and you have a very good insurance you can't actually do it.
These devices are not affordable.
And I said, "Well, how do you communicate then?"
Anyone to see the movie "The screen and the machine?
They communicate in that way, they are going to be doing it with the finger.
I said, "That's accident. How can it be?"
So I introduced myself to the only desire to deliver a check, and instead of that signed a check, I didn't have the least idea of how I was going to cover up.
He committed me with his brother and his father there at that very moment, "Well, this is the thing: Tony is going to talk -- we're going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way to make her art again.
Because it's ridiculous that someone who has so much in your inner cannot be communicated."
So I talked about a conference a couple months later.
I met these guys called "The Rock Microsoft Research Rubert, who have a technology that allows them to project a light on any surface and then with a laser laser -- draw on that and register negative space.
So they go around doing art facilities like this.
All the things that appear -- they say, they're part of a cycle of life.
First of all, they start with the sex organs, then with the bad words, then with the attacks to Bush and, finally, people start to make art.
But there was always a cycle of life in his presentation.
And so it started the journey.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organization and a lot of moving the things on one side we had achieved a couple of things.
One, we played the gates of insurance companies and we got a machine so that Hello could communicate -- a machine like Stephen Hawking's at Stephen Hawking's to communicate.
Which was great.
And seriously, it's the most fun thing. I call it "The "There's because when you talk to the guy you get an email of him, and you say, "I don't deserve it. This guy is something.
The other thing we did was bring seven programmers around the world literally from all the corner of the planet -- our home.
My wife, the kids and I, we moved to the back of the back and these hackers and programmers and discontrants and the barriers took the control of the house.
Many of our friends thought that we did something completely stupid and that when we came back to take away the squares of the walls and instead there would be democracy.
But for two weeks, we went to the ocean stage of Venice, my son was part, my dog too, and we created this.
His name is destroying "The "The "The "The description is described, and you can see the description of it.
These are a pair of straight Sun glasses that we buy in the wake of Venu Beach, some copper wire and things from Helen Daring and Canadian Star."
We took a camera bureaucratic, we open it, we put it on a light of LED and now there's a device that is free -- you publish the free code -- the software is low in a free way.
And we created a device that has no limitation at all.
There is no insurance company.
There is no hospital who can say no.
Any person with paralysis today has access to drawing and communicate using just their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. That was awesome.
So at the end of the two weeks, we went back to the room of TED.
I love this picture because this is someone else's room, and that's her room.
There was all this birth and air during the great opening.
And after more than a year of planning, two weeks of programming -- intense sessions of all night, Tony went back to draw for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of your life and he's looking through the support system in your life.
We ran the bed so he could see.
And we put a projector on a wall of the parking parking hospital.
And he went back to draw for the first time in front of her family and friends -- and you would imagine what was the feeling in the parking feeling.
The funny thing was that we had to break into the parking lot, so we felt like we were defining graffiti as well.
At the end of this he sent us an email email and this was what was telling us, "This was the first time I was drawing in seven years.
I felt like I had been under the water, and someone finally came to rescue me, and I would get out of there so I could say I could realize."
Isn't it wonderful?
In a way, that's our scream of war.
That's what keeps us in motion.
And we have a long way to go through this.
It's a great device, but it's the equivalent of a magic screen.
Somebody with this artistic potential deserve much more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and robust.
Since then, we've had all kinds of recognition.
We've won a lot of awards.
Remember, it's free, none of us are making money with this.
Everything comes out of our own pockets.
The prizes were like, "Oh, this is fantastic.
Armstrong takes something about us, and then, in December, Time magazine recognized us as one of the 50 best inventions in 2010, and it was really cool.
The best thing about this -- and this is what ends up closing the circle, is that in April this year in the Google Medite in the center of Los Angeles is going to be an exhibition called "Art in the Child."
And "Art on the Child is going to have the best aliens of urban art, James Freud, Sharps Freedom, Chinese -- all of them are going to be there.
The TED is going to be in the show which is pretty impressive.
So, basically this is my idea: if you see something that is not possible, I can make it possible.
Nothing in this room was possible -- the stage, the computer, the microscope, the Cartoonic -- nothing was possible at a certain time.
Make it possible -- anything about this room.
I'm not a programmer, I never did anything with ocular recognition technology -- I just recognized something and I teamed up with wonderful people to make it happen.
And these are the questions I want you all to do every day when we find something that we feel like you have to do. If it's not now, when I'm not me, right?
Thank you guys.
I've spent the last few years to get into very difficult situations and at the same time a very dangerous time.
I went to jail.
I worked in a coal mine.
I filmed in zones of war and hard and dangerous.
And it spent 30 days eating this just -- fun at first, something difficult in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a lot of my career, I've been immersed in terrible situations with the only goal of trying to look at social issues in ways that are accurate and interesting, and hopefully analyze them in a way that you see both fun, accessible to the audience.
So when I knew I would come here to make a TEDTalk about the world of brands and the rick wanted to do something a little different.
So some may have heard it, or not, a couple of weeks ago I took a bird in Buddhist.
I sent some messages on Facebook, some on Twitter, I offered to see the rights of the name of my TEDTalk from 2011.
What I had was this: "Hey State "The "The "The TED stands -- my TEDTalk that you have no idea what this is about and content could be explained in the face, especially if I put it in ridicule to you or your company to do it.
But he said, this is a very good medical demonstration."
Do you know how many people look at these TEDxanders?
Thank you.
It's a degree in progress.
So even with that assistance knew that someone was going to buy the rights of the name.
If you had asked me a year ago, I couldn't tell you with certainty.
But in the new film that I'm working on, we looked at the marketing world of the scream.
And as I said before, I've been in horrible situations in the last few years, but nothing could prepare me, nothing could help me, for something as hard or as dangerous as entering the rooms with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a movie.
Morgan September: I want to make a film that deals with products, marketing and advertising, and that all the film is funded with products and marketing and advertising.
The movie is going to be called "The biggest movie ever converted."
What happens in "The biggest film ever concerned is that everything from top down below, from beginning to end, has images of brand, all the time -- from the absence of the thing before the title -- the brand X brand up.
Now this brand -- May Stanford, the State Center.
These people are going to be associated with film at the same time.
And so the film explores all this idea -- Michael Manneland, it's a store: Is it -- it's a store: Is it -- "I'm going to -- it's a paradox, to private?
I'm a redundant path.
It was "Pretty perfect.
But we're not just going to have the legal mark in the title but that we're going to make sure that we're going to make sure all the categories that we could in the film.
Maybe we sell a shoe and become the most cool shoe you ever use.
The most great car that you have led to "The biggest film ever sells, the best wheat you have ever remembered, the bigger of "The biggest movie ever sells."
January Rather -- the idea is then as part of showing brands as part of life, to make them fund the film -- MS: And we actually show the whole process of how it works.
The goal of the whole film is transparency.
You'll see all the process in this movie.
That's the whole idea, all the film of beginning to end.
And I would love that Charlie helps make it happen.
Robert French, you know, it's funny because it's the first time I hear that -- it's the ultimate respect for the audience.
Great: However, I don't know how recently the people are going to be.
JK: You have a perspective. I don't know if "I have a lot of negative -- but you know how it's going to go? (Music: No idea. David Coral: How much money does that need to do this?
MS: A million and a half.   John Moral, I think it's going to be hard to meet the meeting with them, but certainly it's going to be worth convincing a couple of big brand.
JK: Who knows, maybe for the moment that the movie comes out of us as a lot of joyful dialogues.
MS: What do you think is going to be the answer?
Stuart Southern. Most of the answers will be not."
MS: But it's going to be hard to sell it, for the film or to be I?
JK: both.
MS: ... means you're not very optimistic.
So do they help me? I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: All right. (Music -- Minus.
MK: We have to think about what brands are.
MS: Yeah. (Music: That's the challenge. When you look at the people you have to deal with.
MK: We have some places where to go, "Museum: Okay. Turn the camera.
MS: I thought I would stand up the camera meant we have a conversation outside of microphone.
Turn out the camera means "We don't want to know anything about your film."
MS: And so it was, one by one, all these ideas suddenly disappeared.
No one wanted to have anything to do with this movie.
I was shocked.
They didn't want to know anything about this project.
And I was very impressed -- I thought the concept of advertising, was to introduce the product to as many people as possible, making so many people see it as possible.
Especially in the world of today this intersection of new media and old media scenario, and the stage of self-interest is not the idea to tell that new amount of attention that is going to bring the message to the masses of mass?
No, that's what I thought.
But the problem was, you see, that my idea had a restorative mistake, and that error was this.
No, there was no such error.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been fine.
But the problem was what this image is.
See, when you're looking for images of Google transparency at Google --   -- this is one of the first images that comes in.
I like your model, Sergey Britain. No.
This was the problem: transparency -- free of simulation or deception -- easily detected or seen -- easily destroyed, which is characterized by the visibility or information of information, especially in business practice, being the last line perhaps the biggest problem.
You see, we hear a lot about transparency in these days.
Our politicians name it, the president the name, even the Charles name it.
But all of a sudden when it's about making it reality, something fundamentally changes.
But why? Well, the transparency gives fear --  like that rare bear that still keeps going.
It's unpredictable.   Like this weird rural path.
And it's also very risky.
What else is a victory?
It eats an entire tank of Canada Carnegie.
That's very risky.
When I started talking to companies and tell them that we wanted to tell this story and said, "No, we want you to tell a story.
We want you to tell a story, but you tell us our story."
See, when I was a kid, and my father caught me in some lie -- and there he is he looking at me as I used to do it, like, "Son, there are three sides in every story.
There's your story, there's my story, and there's my real story.
As you see, in this film we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just a company, an agency wanted to help me -- and that just because I met John Bond and Richard Krehocian a lot of years -- I realized I would have to go on my own, I would have to take off the middle and go to companies myself with my whole team.
So what I started to realize suddenly -- what I started to realize, is that when you start talking with the companies, the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends who make big films, huge films and other people who make small films, independent things like mine.
And my friends who make big Hollywood films, giant Hollywood says that the reason their movies are so successful is because of the brands associated they have.
And then my friends who make independent movies say, "Well, how are we going to compete with these big, giant movies of Hollywood?
And the movie is called "The biggest movie ever conventional."
How are we going to see Bank in the movie?
Every time I'm going out, every time I open my name, you'll see the Martin desert.
Any moment during an interview with someone I can say, "Are you good enough for this interview?
Are you ready? You see a little nervous.
I want to help you to calm you.
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the interview."
And it would offer one of these fabulous analogoscopes.
Both "Many "Allie: "May "The "Airpones of Paradigm are going to have their opportunity.
We're going to have so much for man as a woman, solid, balloon, in bar.
That's the general view.
Now I can answer your questions and give you a serious look.
Karen Frank. We're a small brand.
And similar to the kind of smaller movies that you say, we're rather a rival brand.
So we don't have the budget that they have other brands.
So doing things like this, you know, remembering Bangladesh to people is why this interests us.
MS: What words would they use to describe Bang?
Bangladesh is in white.
KF: That's a big question.
Volunteer: Google technology.
MS: Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put in the classroom.
Man: We talk about something audacious, fresh one.
I think "Free is a great word that actually puts this category in positive versus "Ball and supermarket."
It keeps you cold.
How do you keep you hard more time? With better surrounding, more surrounding, three times more difficult.
Things like those who solve the benefits.
MS: And that's a mammal company.
What about me? What about a common sort?
I need to talk to the man of the street, to the people like me, to common Pope.
They have to talk about my brand.
MS: How do you define your market?
Man: Mark my market?
I don't know.
I like the good clothes.
Woman: Bring the 1980s, pursuit unless it is day to wash it.
MS: Okay, what is the Gore Mary?
German: A single thing: "Yes!" Man: I guess the kind of gender, the style I have would be like a dark molecule."
I like dark colors, many gray colors and things like that.
Usually I wear applications like sun, or I like crystals and similar.
Woman: If Dan was a brand could be a classic color," Mercedes Vene.
Man 2: The brand I am, I would call it blue blog."
Woman 2: In part of a hippie part of him, in part of my Hollywood Chicago: I don't know.
Man 3: I'm the kind of massive.
I sold toys for pets in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my brand.
In my little sector, that's my brand.
Man 4: My brand is December because I understand the marketing.
Man 5: Maria Coca-Cola failed.
Is that something?
Narrator: I'm a lawyer.
Tom took: I'm too.
MS: Well, we can't all be brand to Tom Tom, but I often relate to the intersection of dark molecules and color block."
I realized that I needed an expert.
I needed someone who could go into my head, someone who could help me understand what they call the "Many scared."
And I found a company called Boston Martin in Pittsburgh.
They helped companies like Apple, Marier, Alexander to discover that personality.
If they could do it for them, they could surely do it for me.
And there is our pictures, there are the pictures, right?
MS: Yeah. The first picture is a family photo.
A: Tell me a little bit about how you relate to your thoughts and feelings your way to be.
MS: These people model my way to see the world.
A: Tell me of that world.
MS: That world? I think your world is the world in which you live -- like the people around you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things come together and start in a place and in my case and start in my family, West Virginia.
A: What's the next thing you want to talk about?
MS: The next one is "This was the best day of my life."
A: How does this relate to your thoughts, feelings and your way to be?
MS: It's like who wanted to be me.
I like different things.
I like weird things. I like weird things.
A: Tell me the problem: What does that serve us?
What's the magnet? What phase is you finding now?
Why is it important? What does the red mean?
Tell me a little bit about that.
Maybe more than you are not who you are.
How many other self-directed have you had?
You have to have fear -- what kind of control mountain are you?
MS: Health." (Audience: Thank you.) No, thank you.
A: Thank you for your patience. (Music: Big work." A: Yeah. (Music: Thank you very good. Very good.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what's going to come out of this.
There was a lot of crazy in all this.
Line Mars: The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides -- but company, in your manufacturing personality, the brand Morgan School is a construction brand.
They stay very well together.
And I think there's almost a paradox in them.
And I think some companies will only focus on one of their strong dots or in the other instead of focusing on both.
A lot of companies have -- and it's human nature, to avoid the things that are not safe, avoid fear, those elements, and you actually give them a little bit of a positive for you, and it's nice to see that.
What other brands are that?
The first here is the classic here, Apple.
And you can see here to Turkey, Beijing, Minister of Minister Collection and Roman.
Now there are medical marks and conscious brands -- those things that have gone and come but a conscious brand is pretty powerful.
MS: A conscious market. What's your camera?
If someone asks you to describe your meaningful identity, your brand personality -- what would it be?
Are you a surface attraction? Are you somebody who makes the blood line?
Or are you more a authoritarian attraction?
A little bit more collaborative, service, conservation?
And the right attributes are like being a doctor like the Police, the contemporary and the advice, the airplane or a part of the automobile or the the Earth Plantation, fast or film, phone, migral, magic or mystic like Handom.
Or are you more about automatic artist?
Are you conscious about 70 percent?
Are you statistically, traditional, protection, protection -- you identify with Pig?"
Are you confidence, stable, familiar, confidence, safe, safe, saving, kind of the Dalai Lama or "Don't you?"
In the course of this movie, we had over 500 companies, and anti-searched and disappeared that said, "No, they didn't want to be part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film, mainly because they wouldn't have control of the final product.
We were allowed to tell the story of the marketing, and we got to tell the story in this movie of how they now use MRI to identify the centers of desire in the brain so much for commercial marketing like color.
We went to San Paulo.
All over the entire city for the last five years, there are no rooms, no details, no colors, nothing.
And we went to school districts where companies are doing the way in schools with system in the U.S.
The amazing thing to me is that the projects in which I've had the biggest answer or where I've been more successful are those that I've interacted with things directly.
And that's what these marks did.
They took away to the institutions, they took their agencies, and they said maybe these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to deal with the artist directly.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that is going to make people, which is going to challenge the way we look at the world.
And how did they have left? Did you have story?
Well, since the movie station in the Station of States, let's take a look.
According to Butts the movie train in January, and since then -- and this is not all -- we've had 900 million impressions in the media for this film.
This covers just a period of two and a half weeks.
That's just online -- no press or TV.
The movie is still not distributed yet.
It's still not online. It's not in supermarket.
It hasn't even been presented in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this film has already begun to win momentum.
And it's not bad because almost all the agencies that we talked about was adopted to their customers not to be true.
I've always believed that if you risk you, if you take risks, that in those risks there are opportunities.
I think when you get people out of that people are pushing them into failure.
I think when you train your employees in the risk of the risk is preparing all your company to look like reward.
I feel that what has to happen to move forward is that we have to encourage people to risk.
We have to encourage people who are not afraid of the opportunities that can scare them.
Ultimately, forward, I think we have to give it place to fear.
We have to put that bear in a cage.
Let's take the fear of fear. Let's take the risk.
From a listening at the same time, we have to embrace risk.
And ultimately, we have to harbor transparency.
Today, more than ever a little bit of honesty is going to run a long way.
And I said this, with honesty and transparency, all my talk we we did with "The "Compassion has been presented by my good Mom friends who for 1800s who were in the name of the name on eBay.
EM: It makes great data in big opportunities for companies around the world.
Lean presents "computer "arm."
Thank you very much.
June Cohen: So, Common, on behalf of transparency, which happened exactly with those 1800s?
MS: It's an exceptional question.
In my pocket. I have a conference to the name of the TED organization, the Superman Foundation, a car for 1800s to be applied to my TED care for the next year.
The idea behind computer computing is actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
Their biggest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the rise of translation in National in National.
The gray boxes that you see are control systems in real time.
So if we managed to compromise these systems that control speed and males, we can cause a lot of problems with transportation.
The gray boxes don't use Windows software -- they're a completely different technology.
But if we managed to put an effective virus of Windows in a portable computer used by an engineer to contrast this gray box, then we're ready.
This is the plan behind Sun.
We started with a device installation.
The victim comes into the gray box, give it the conference, and the nuclear nuclear program is deeply dead, a mission.
Is it easy, huh?
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started research about Ushahidi six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown.
The only thing that you knew is that it's very, very complex in the Windows part of Windows -- the installation used multiple surgery for us.
It seemed to want to do something with these gray boxes, these control systems.
That called us the attention, and we started an experiment where we infect our environment with Sun and we saw what happened to this.
So they spent very strange things.
She was behaving as a rat of lab that he didn't like our cheese -- it smelled it, but I didn't want to eat.
It didn't make sense for me.
And after experimenting with different cheese flavors -- I realized, and I thought, "This is a leading attack.
It's completely been coming."
The destruction is actively looking at the gray box if you find a specific configuration, and even if the program that's trying to infect is effectively working in that place.
If not, Sun doesn't do anything.
So that called my attention, and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought, "We don't know what the core is.
It could be, say, for example, a U.S. energy plant, or a chemical plant in Germany.
We'd better find the goal soon.
So we extracted and we broke the attack code, and we discovered that it was structured in two digital bombs.
We also saw that they were armed very professionally by people who obviously had all the internal information.
They knew all the dots that I attack.
You probably even know how much the operator.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that Santa installation is complex and high-tech, let me tell you, the burden is very complex.
It's very above everything we've seen before.
Here you see a sample of this code code.
We're talking about about 15,000 lines of code.
It looks pretty much to the old self-definition language.
I want to tell you how we could find sense to this code.
What we looked at at the beginning were called by the system of the system, because we know what they do.
Then we looked for terms and data structures and tried to relate them to the real world, with real potential targets in the real world.
We need theories about devices that we could approve or explore.
To get to the theories of goals, we remember that it's definitely a violent saturg, it must be a valuable, and it's safe in Iran, because it's where most infection has been reading.
You don't find several thousand targets in that area.
It basically boils to the nuclear energy plant of Ben and the extraction plant of National National.
So I said to my assistant, "You have a list of all the experts in transportations and power plants between our clients.
I called them and I turned them into a effort to play their experience with what we found in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we could associate the little digital bit with the control control.
The rock is that cell part within the store, that black object you see.
If you drive the speed of this button, you certainly can remove it and even make the shipping explode.
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and recover in a obvious effort to get crazy to the nest maintenance engineers so that they couldn't solve this quickly.
We try to figure out the big digital imagination looking at the data and their structures.
So for example, the number 64 percent of that code, cannot be obvious.
I started investigating scientific literature about how these conservations are built in National and found that they're structured in what's called a waterfall and every waterfall contains 166 contexts.
That made sense, there was a coincidence.
And it got better yet.
These Iran contexts are divided in 15 parts called stages.
And guess what we found in the attack code.
A structural structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of confidence to understand what we had between hands.
Because there is no anti-degree words, it wasn't like this.
The results have been obtained after several weeks of hard work.
We eventually ended up in street ends. We had to start again.
Yet we discovered that both digital ants would take a single and goal, but from different perspectives.
The small bit is taking a waterfall and making it spin the rocks and they squish them, and the big bit is communicate with six careers and manipulating biologists.
In addition, we're very confident that we've determined what the device is.
It's Natasha, and it's just National.
We should not worry about other goals being achieved by Superman.
Here I show you a few very interesting things that we saw really impressed me.
There's the gray box and the there is the contexts.
What this thing does is to intercept the input values of the sensors, for example, pressure sensors and secret sensors and provides legitimate code, which still runs during the attack, with false data in input data.
And believe or not, these fake input data is presented by Superman.
It's like in Hollywood movies where, during the river, the security camera is fed with video video.
Is that cool book?
The idea here is obviously not just to ignore the operators in the control room.
It's really much more dangerous and progress.
The idea is to make a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator could not act fast.
For example, in a power plant, when the large steam turbines are going down, you have to open up scale valves in a minister.
Obviously, this can't make it a human operator.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they're committed to, then they can pass bad things.
The plant can explode.
And neither the security system will notice it.
That scares that.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this. This attack is genetic.
It has nothing to do specifically with demonstrations, with uranium crisis.
It could work too, for example, in a power plant, or a car factory.
It's genetic.
And you don't have a statement -- that immediately minimized this load with a USB key, as we saw in Sun case.
You can also use conventional technology technology to disseminate it.
Watch it as possible.
And if you do that, with what you end up with is a computer of mass destruction.
That's the consequence we need to face.
Unfortunately, the largest number of targets for such attacks is not in the Middle East.
It's in the United States and in Japan.
All green areas are spaces with large numbers of goals.
We have to deal with the consequences and better we start to prepare now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Ralph has been made public in many sides that people assume that the May is the main entities behind this.
What's your imagination?
Ralph Langula, "Hey, do you really want to hear this?
Yeah. Okay.
My guess is that the Mars is involved, but the engine is not Israel.
The engine behind this is cyber supercomputer.
There is one single one, and that's the United States, fortunately, fortunately, lucky.
Because, otherwise our problems would be larger.
CA: Thank you for us. Thank you, Chile.
So I want you to imagine a robot that you can take and that give the disabled decisions -- or another one that makes users use of wheelchair get up and go back to walk.
In Berkeley Laws, we call these robots, exoskeletons.
They are nothing different from something that is put in the morning, gives you a great force that you also increase your speed, and helps you, for example, to manage the balance.
It's actually the real integration of man and machine.
But not only that -- it can integrate it and connect it to the universe and with other external ones.
This is not a virtual idea.
To show you now what we're working on we started talking about the American soldier who, in average, has to take over their back a load of 45 pounds, and it's being given by getting more equipment.
Obviously, this leads to some important complications -- injuries on the back, in 30 percent of the soldiers -- with chronic damage.
We decided to control this challenge and create a exoskeleton that could help manage the issue.
Let me introduce you the "Hello -- or the New York Human Campas.
Soldier: With the Hello Hylm, I can take 90 kilos per variable land for many hours.
Their flexible design, allows you to put into closed classes and run movements with great advances.
It perceives what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then it increases my strength and my resistance.
Mark Lender: We're ready, with our industrial partner to produce this device, this new exoskeleton this year.
So that's a reality.
We're going back now to look at the users of wheelchair of wheels, about what I'm particularly passionate about.
There are 68 million people in the wheelchair, all over the world.
Like one percent of the total population.
And this is a really conservative calculation here.
We talk about something that happens often -- very young people, with damage in the backbone that when they start their life -- at the 20, 30 or 40 years -- collide against a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be the only option.
We also talk about the population that aging very quickly.
Their only choice, many times -- by a brain injury or some other complication -- is the wheelchair chair.
And this has been like this for the last 500 years, from its successful artist, as I should recognize.
So we decided to start writing a new chapter of mobility.
Let me introduce you to the "The "The "The Google who's using Amanda Hall who does 19 years ago had a lesion in the backbone column, and as a result couldn't walk back 19 years, so far.
Amanda Gateship: Thank you.
EB: Amanda is using our "Telescopes," which I mentioned.
It has some sensors.
It's completely invasive in the crutches that send signals to the computer, here on the back.
There are a few batteries that give the motor to the motors in the hip, and in the knees, and they make it advanced with this super-grade and very natural supply.
AB: I was 24 at the top of my life when, by a strange jump in the air, looking down at the bottom of it was paralyzed.
In a fraction of a second, I lost all feeling and everything motion from the light down.
Shortly after, a doctor walked into my room in the hospital, and he said, "Hey, you will never walk again.
That happened 19 years ago.
So I stole up to the last bowl of hope of my being.
The technology technology since then, has allowed me to learn how to dive down into stages, climbing rocks and even ride in hand.
But they've never invented anything that allowed me to walk, so far.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the platforms to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change the future of future generations -- not just of soldiers, but to America, and all the users of wheelchair of wheels, all of them.
AB: Thank you.
I just came back from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the bottle, they practice sex to say hello. And the game is the order of the day -- where fun is serious.
And no, it's not the transformation of the Middle Angeles or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, they know their cousins.
This is the world of wild Bonobos in Congo.
The bonobos are, along with chimpanzees, their closest living relatives.
That means we all share a common ancestor, a evolutionary grandmother that lived about six million years ago.
Now, chimpanzees are known by their aggression, OK.
But unfortunately, we've done too much respected in this aspect in our narratives of human evolution.
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin.
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by big, terrifying things, the blood society is in charge of females with power.
These guys have created something special because this leads to a very tolerant society where the moral violence hasn't been observed yet.
But unfortunately, Bonobos are the least understood of the big apes.
They live in the depths of the forest jungle, and it's been very difficult to study them.
The Congo is a paradox -- a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of the mist itself -- stage of a violent conflict that has been produced for decades, and caused almost as many deaths as the First World War.
It's not surprising that this destruction also puts the survival of the Bonobo.
Calories of hunting and deforestation make you can't fill or a stadium with the bonobos that stay in the world, and honestly we're not sure of it.
However, in this land of violence and chaos you can hear the hidden laughter by measuring trees.
Who are these primes?
We know them like the Simp make love, not war," because they have frequent sex, climate and bisexual to handle conflict and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity because life of Bonobos is more than the Gamb Street.
Benches, like humans, love to play along their lifetime.
Play is not just a child's game.
For us and for them the game is fundamental to establish closes and foster tolerance.
We learn to trust, and we learn the rules of the game.
Play increases creativity and resilience and has to do with the generation of diversity diversity of interactions diversity of behaviors of behaviors of connections.
And when you look at the blood game you see the evolutionary roots of laughter and dance and human nature.
The game is the glue that unites us.
I don't know how you play you, but I want to show you a couple of unique videos just taken from the wild environment.
First, it's a balloon play game, and I don't talk about football ...
Here we have a female and a young male in the middle of a security.
Look at what she is.
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase, "You've got it from the plants."
I just think in this case to him loves it, right?
Yeah.
So sexual play is common as much as humans.
And this video really is interesting because it shows -- this video really is interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements into game -- like the testicles -- and also how play requires trust and promotes trust, and at the same time it's the most fun.
But the game is political.
The game is political, it can adopt many ways, some of which are more transportation, imagination, curious -- maybe the place where it is to be discovered by wonder.
And I want you to see -- this is Freud, a young female who's playing water with water.
I think that, like she sometimes played alone, and explore the limits of our inner and outer worlds.
And it's that playful curiosity that propelled us to explore, and then the unexpected connections that we form are the real seed of creativity.
These are just small samples of the understanding that bonobos give us our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future in which we have to adapt to a increasingly difficult world with greater creativity and more cooperation.
The secret is that play is the key to these abilities.
In other words, the game is our adaptation assistance.
To adapt to a world that changes we have to play.
But will we leverage our capacity of our company?
The game isn't fundamental.
The game is essential.
For Bonobo and humans for the same, life is not just cruel and disappointed.
When it looks like the least appropriate play, you can be the moments that it's the most pressing thing.
And so fellow primates, we accept this gift of evolution and play together while we discovered creativity, friendship and wonder.
Thank you.
In New York I'm responsible to develop a nonprofit organization called Robin Hong.
When I'm not fighting poverty, I combat fire as a captain of captain in a body of volunteers volunteer.
And in our city, where volunteers develop a highly qualified staff, you have to get to the site of the fire very soon to get into action.
I remember my first commercial.
I was the second volunteer on the site, so I had a pretty high probability to go.
But there was still a career standing against the other volunteers to get to the captain and figure out what our task was.
When I found the captain -- I was failing in a conversation with the property that certainly went through one of the worst days of his life.
We were at full night, she was standing out in the rain, under a paradigm, in his pajamas and he disappeared, while his house was in flames.
The other volunteers I had just arrived before I am, we call it Letach California.  It came first to the captain and he asked him to go and save the dog of the house of the house.
The period: I was so color."
There was a lawyer or a management management that during the rest of his life, I would have to tell the people who entered a building to save a living living just because they won me for five seconds.
Well, I was the next one.
The captain made me a size.
He said, "Lead, I need to go into the house.
I need to go up, go through the fire, and I bring this woman a couple of shoes.
I swear it.
It was not exactly what I expected, but I was -- I put the stairs, at the end of the hall, I went to the real firemen that at that height more or less had finished to turn out the fire and entered the main room in looking for a pair of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my load back by the ladder where I met my Michael and the beautiful dog on the front door.
We pulled out of the house for the power of home where, as it was to wait, his treasure.
A few weeks later, the department received a letter of the house of the house for the brave effort demonstrated to save their house.
The kindness that she looked at over the other was that somebody had reached him even a couple of shoes.
Both in my vaccine at Robin Hood, like in my partner as a volunteer firemen I'm a set of activists of generosity and kindness.
And you know what I've learned?
Everything has its importance.
So when I look at this room to people who have achieved or they're at the end of the success levels of success I'd like to remind you this: Don't wait.
They don't wait to win the first million to make the difference in somebody's life.
If you have something to give, you give it now.
They serve food in a dining dining room, they cleaned up a park of the neighborhood.
Be mentors.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save somebody's lives, but each day we're going to be able to influence someone's lives.
So you train the game, they save the shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark, Mark, come back.
Mark Beautiful: Thank you.
This may seem strange, but I'm a big fan of the concrete block.
The first concrete blocks were made in 1867, with a very simple idea: movement modules of a fixed measure that fit each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used construction unit in the world.
They have allowed us to build bigger things than we are, as buildings or bridges -- a brick at the same time.
Essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1947, to George came up with this.
It was called a mathematical assembly cloth.
And in a few years, the LED Laws came to every home.
It's estimated that they've made more than 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineer to build beautiful bridges or buildings or houses.
George made it accessible.
George simply adopted the block of concrete in the world, and turned it into a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year, in the Bell labs, the next revolution was about to admire -- the new building block.
The transistor was a small plastic unit that would take us from a world of aesthetic bricks stacked around each other to a world where everything was interactive.
Just like the concrete block, the transistor allows to create much bigger circuits and more complex circuits a brick at once.
But there's a main difference, the transistor was just for experts.
I personally don't accept it, that building blocks of our time are reserved to experts, so I decided to change it.
Eight years ago, when I was in the Media Lab, I started exploring the idea of getting the power of engineers to the hands of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started developing Delivabets.
I'm going to show you how they work.
They are electronic modules each with specific function.
They're designed to be light, sound, motors and sensors.
And the best thing about everything is they get together by magnets together.
So you can't put it wrong.
Listens have a color code.
The green is the resident, the blue is the stream, the pink is the input and the orange color is the wire.
So you just have to assemble a blue with a green and very quickly start making bigger circuits of it.
A blue with one green produce light.
We can put a button in the middle and so we have a decoration.
If we change the button for a pulse cord, which is here, and now we have an endless light.
We added this term to create more impacts and we have a noise machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond the simple game game, it's actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program and connect and fly, elephants allows us to program using very simple impacts using very simple intuitive.
To make it fast faster or slower, you simply turn this button that makes the pulse faster or slower.
The idea behind Freeds is that it's a growing collection.
We want all of the interactions in the world to go down to brick to use.
Sounds, sound, solar panels, motors all must be accessible.
We've given the kids to see them playing with them.
And it's been an incredible experience.
The best is how they start to understand the electronics of every day that you don't learn in schools.
So for example, how a night works, or why the door of a elevator gets open up, or how an iPod responds to the touch.
We've also taken descriptions to design schools.
So for example, designers without experience in electronics start playing with Freeds like a material.
Here you can see, with bottles of paper and filter and we have Microsoft to create it.
(Man sounds)  A few weeks ago we took descriptions at the designers of the Rhode Island School designers who have no experience in engineering, just in cardboard, wood and paper, and we said, do something.
Here's an example of a project that has done, a train of confrontation activated by movement.
But wait, here's my favorite project.
It's a bit of a show of an anthropologist that is afraid of darkness.
For these not engineers, they became another material, the electronics became another material.
And we want this material to reach all of us.
For that, Alexan has open code.
You can visit the website, download all the design files.
We want to encourage a world of creators and inventors and collaborators because this world we live in, this interactive world, is ours.
So go ahead and invent it.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you today about unexpected discoveries.
I work in the solar technology industry.
And my little business is looking for us with the environment focusing on us.
You have distributed collaboration.
This is a little video of what we do.
Hmm. Wait for a moment.
You can get a little bit like a car.
We can actually continue to get the video on a side.
No.
This is not.
All right.
Solar technology.
Oh, already the time?
All right. Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago, I launched a initiative to recruit the best designers and techniques to take a year and work on an environment that represents almost everything that is supposed to say -- we asked them to work in the government.
The initiative was called "The "Force for America and would be like some Peace Peace Caperics.
We selected some members every year and we put them to work with the communities.
Instead of sending them to the Third World we send them to the mass world.
They made great applications -- they worked with municipal employees.
Their task is to show the possibilities of today's technology.
You know County.
A in the city of Boston.
So here it appears as if I would look for a date, but what really seeks is that somebody has cleaned it when it was trapped by the snow because he knows it's not very good by putting fires when it's covered by a meter of snow.
How did it get to ask help like this so solution?
Last year in Boston we had a team of members of Common for America."
They were there in February, and at that time I was a lot of last year.
They realized that the city never cleaned these sharks.
But one of the members named Erik Cockrollation noticed something else: that citizens cleaned with sticks right in front of them.
So he did like any good programmer, developed an app.
It's a nice application where you can adopt a stone.
You accept cleaning it when you live.
In doing so, you put a name, in this case I put it in.
If you don't do it, someone can be cut.
I mean, it has a playful component.
It's a modest application.
Maybe it's the smallest of the 21 scheduled applications last year.
But it does something that no other technology technology can do.
And it spreads in a viral way.
A South City system response to see this app realized that it could use it, not for snow, but for citizens to adopt the size of tsunami.
It's very important that they work these simulations of tsunami, but people steal the batteries.
That's why I ask citizens to control them.
And then Seattle decided to use it to get citizens to break off the streams.
And Chicago just launched it to make people drink to clean sidewalks when they live.
So now we know nine cities that plan using it.
And this has spread without fractions, in a organic and natural way.
If you know a little bit of government technology will know that this doesn't normally happen.
So software acquisition usually takes a couple of years.
Last year in Boston we had a team working on a project that required three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool so that parents could choose the best public school for their children.
Then they told us that to have done it for normal channels would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's nothing.
Now there's a project in the Jewish power of California that has cost 200 million dollars and it doesn't work.
And there are projects like this in every level of government.
So an app that shows in a couple days and spreading in a viral form is a kind of warning warning to the institution of government.
It suggests the best ways to work, not as private companies, like a lot of people think it should be.
Not as a technological company, but rather like the Internet.
I mean, without detections, in a open and creative way.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this application is that it represents the way to address the question of the government that has new generation -- not as a problem of an amazing institution but as a collective action.
And that's very good because it turns out that we are very good for collective action with digital technology.
And there's a very large community of people who are building tools to work together with efficiency.
And it's not only Code for America but there are hundreds of people around the country that contribute to civic applications every day in their own communities.
They haven't been given by the government.
They feel a great frustration before that, but they don't complain -- they fix it.
And these people know something that we've lost from view.
And that is that if we leave the feelings about politics, the line in the Moldrie Second American, and all of those other things that make us crazy, the government is essentially in words of Tim Blue -- "What we do together because we only can."
Now, a lot of people have abandon the government.
If you are one of those people, I would ask you to acknowledge it, because things are changing.
Politics doesn't change. government does.
And because the government ultimately threatens us, remember that, the people? The way to think about it affect the way to produce change.
I didn't know much about government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought that the government was choosing people to make a load of people.
Well, after two years I've come to the conclusion that the government is about everything about religions.
This is the telephone and information center.
It's the place that the calls is if you mark 31 in America.
Scott learned this call.
I joined Malashmand in the official knowledge.
I found nothing. It started with animal control.
And finally he said, "Hey, can you open up the doors in the house, put it very strong and see if you go?"
And it worked. So well by Scott well.
But that's not the end of the gravitations.
Boston doesn't have a call center.
It has an app and web and mobile, called King Connecticut."
We don't program that application.
It was the work of very smart people in the New Republic Company in Boston.
One day, this really happened to happen, comes this piece -- "Mark in my garbage surface. I don't know if it's dead.
How do I take it to take it?"
The dynamics of Kingiographic Congress is different.
Scott was speaking in person.
In Canaidan Constitution everything is public, so everybody can see this.
In this case, I saw it a neighbor.
The next report said, "I was going to get to the place, I found the garbage cube behind the house.
Google display? Yes.
I turned the cube. I went home.
Good nights, "going out "working from Greeks.
Pretty simple.
This is great. It's the confluence of digital and physics.
And it's also a great example of the income income to distributed voluntary collaboration.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform.
And here I don't necessarily mean the technological definition of platform.
I'm talking about a platform so that people are added and help others.
So, one citizen helped another but here the government had a key role.
I connected to two people.
And it could have connected to the government services of being necessary, but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than the government services.
When an neighbor helps another, we get the communities.
If we call animal control, that costs a lot of money.
One important thing we need to think about the government is that it's not the same as politics.
A lot of people understand it, but you think you're the input of the other.
That our input to the government system is the vote.
How many times have you chosen a political leader, sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader, and then we hope that government reflects our values and satisfying our needs, but then we don't see changes.
That's because the government is like an immense ocean and politics is the surface of the surface of 15 centimeters.
And below what we call interaction.
And we say that word very surprising.
But it's that surface that holds us that to us that we fund as something that operates in our password. That other thing, and in the consequence we're losing power.
People believe that politics is sexy.
If we want this institution to work, we will have to make bureaucracy sexy.
Because that's where the real government work happens.
We have to collaborate with government machinery.
That makes the cast Canada.
Have you seen them?
It's a group of concerned citizens who have written a very detailed report of 32 pages in response to the Pier Common System -- about the financial reform.
That's not political activism -- it's bureaucratic activity.
And for those of us who have resigned to the government, it's time we ask ourselves what the world we want to leave our children.
You have to see the huge challenges that they will have to face.
Do you really think we will get where we need to go without solving the institution that can act on behalf of all?
We can't respond to government, we need it to be more effective.
The good news is that with technology is possible to rethink root government function so that it can expand to civil society.
There is a generation that grew up with the Internet and knows that it's not so hard to act understanding, just to articulate the systems in the right way.
The average average age of our members is 28 years old, so I, to regulations, I'm a bigger generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face about who you're going to talk about -- they're all going to talk.
They can express your opinions in any channel at the same time and they do.
So when you face the government problem doesn't matter much to make their voices out.
They're using hands.
They put hands to the work to program applications that make the government better.
And those applications allow us to use the hands to improve our communities.
It can be cleaned up a shot, and you can get weeds and making a garbage cube that has a glacier inside.
Of course, we could always have cleaned those sharks and lots of people do.
But these applications are like digital reminder that we are not only consumers, we're not just consumers of government that we pay taxes, and we get services.
We are more than that; we are citizens.
And we're not going to fix government until we don't fix the city.
So I want to ask all the present, when it comes to the important things that we have to do together, all together, we will be a crowd of voices, or will we be a map of hands?
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor.
I've spent most of the time in prisons, prisons and death row.
I've spent most of my life in marginalized communities, projects and places where there's a lot of despair.
And being here at TED watching and hearing these stimulus has given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time, is that TED has identity.
And the things that are told here have impact around the world.
Sometimes if something comes from TED, it makes a sense and a force that would not have otherwise.
I mean, because I think identity is really important.
Here we have seen fantastic presentations.
And I think we've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense, but if you teach yourself with feelings, they can have a special meaning.
A doctor can do good things, whether it's cartoon, it can achieve much more.
This is why I want to talk about the power of identity.
I actually didn't learn this on the practice of the right, my job.
I learned it from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional home of an African-American family dominated by a marriage, which was my grandmother.
It was hard, it was strong, I had power.
It was the last word in the family.
She started a lot of the discussions in our home.
It was a daughter of people who had been slaves.
His parents were born in the slavery in Virginia, about 1880.
She was born on the 18th and his experience with slavery as he saw the world.
She was hard, but she was also love.
When I was small and I looked at it, she came up with me and he gave me a good job.
I was so strong that I could barely breathe, and then I was scared.
One or two hours later, I went back to look at it, and he was approaching me, and he said, "Look, still feel my air?"
And if I said that no, I would grab back and if I said yes, I would leave it in peace.
I had this human quality that I always wanted to want to be close to her.
The only problem is that I had 10 children.
My mother was the best of the 10.
In occasions, when I was going to spend a time with her, it wasn't easy to capture his time and his attention.
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight -- nine years old, I woke up a morning, I went to the room, and there they were running all my cousins.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me.
At first, I thought it was a game.
And then I looked at it and I smile, but she was very serious.
After 15 or 20 minutes, she got up, he took the room, he took me out of his hand, and he said, "Come Bang Bono. We're both going to convert."
I remember this as if I was yesterday.
I'll never forget it.
He took me out and said, "Look, I'll tell you something, but you can't tell anybody to not."
I said, "Okay, "Mary good, Mark."
She said, "Now I'm not going to do it." I said, "Sure."
Then I sat down, looked at me and said, "I want you to know I've been looking at you."
And he said, "I think you're special."
He said, "I think you can do what you want.
I'll never forget it.
Then he said, "I just want you to promise me three things, "Britain.
I said, "Hold on, March."
And he said, "The first thing I want to promise is you always want your mother."
(Audience: She is my chimp, and you have to promise me to always take care of her."
Like I loved my mom, I said, "Yes, Mom, I'll do."
Then he said, "The second thing I want to promise is that you will always do the right thing even though the right thing is difficult."
I thought about it, and I said, "Yes, March. I'll do it."
And then finally he said, "The third thing I want to promise you is that you will never drink alcohol.
I was nine years old, and I said, "Yes, Mom, I'll do."
I grew up in the field, in the rural south. I have a brother a year older and a sister a year.
When I was 14 or 15, one day my brother came home with a six beer counter, I didn't know where the shots were, I grabbed my sister and me and we went to the forest.
We just got to make the crazy times.
He took a beer surface, offered my sister, she took a little bit and offered me to me.
I said, "No, no, no. That's okay. You go, but I'm not going to take beer.
My brother said, "Come on. Today we do it. And you always do the same thing as us.
I took something, your sister too. Take a beer.
I said, "No, I wouldn't feel good. You can go."
Then my brother looked at me.
And he said, "What's going on? It takes a completely."
I key to the strength and he goes, "Oh, not to be that you're still thinking about the conversation with March."
I said, "But what are you talking about?"
He said, "Mom, tell all the grandchildren that are special."
I was a sentence.
I have to admit something to you.
I'll tell you something that I probably shouldn't say.
I know this will spread bad.
But I am 52 years old, and I can admit I've never taken a roof of alcohol.
I don't say this is a virtue. I say it for the power that identity.
When we create the right kind of identity, we say things to others that really don't see it.
We can't get them to do things that don't believe being able to do.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all of his grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been pressure during the prototype.
My uncles died of age-related diseases.
And these were the things that we did, we had to engage them.
Now, try to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is today very different than it was 40 years ago.
In 1972, there were 300,000 prisoners.
Today there are 2.3 million.
In America we have the largest incarceration rate in the world.
We have seven million people in traditional freedom.
And this massive incarceration, in my opinion, has changed fundamentally our world.
In poor communities or black communities, it's so much decentralized, so much despair.
One in three black men between 18 and 30 is in jail or in traditional freedom.
In urban communities across the country, the Blanks, Philadelphia, Baltimore Minister, Washington, 50 to 60 percent of all the young color children are in jail or in global freedom.
Our system is not just distorted in front of race, it's also about poverty.
In this country we have a judicial system that is much better if you're rich and guilty than if you're poor and innocent.
It is not collective, but wealth is wealth that drives the results.
And it looks like we feel very stranger.
The politics of fear and the force makes us believe that these are not problems.
We are described.
It seems interesting.
We're looking at our work some very curious development.
In my state, in Alabama, as well as in other states, you get rid of rights forever, if you have a criminal condition.
Right now in Alabama, 34 percent of the black male population has lost the right to the vote.
And if we project it over the next 10 years the level of rights loss will be as elevated as it was before they were going to take the law of the right to vote.
We have this amazing silence.
I represent children.
Many of my customers are very young.
The United States is the only country in the world where children are sentenced to die in prison.
We have in this prison country for children, without the possibility of coming out.
Right now we're in the process of some little grades.
The only country in the world.
I represent people in the death row.
This issue of death penalty is interesting.
In some sense have you taught us to think that the final question is, people deserve dying by the commitment common?
A very sensitive question.
But you can think about how we are in our identity.
There's another way of looking at it, it's not about deciding whether people deserve to die by the eat, but if we deserve to kill.
This is interesting.
The death penalty in America is defined by mistake.
Every nine people executed -- they have identified one that is innocent and liberated from the death of death.
One rate of error, amazing. An innocent of every nine.
This is interesting.
In aviation would never be allowed by airplanes if of every nine that you would breathe, you would have a star.
But somehow we solved the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our charge.
It's not our struggle.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about race and this issue of whether we deserve to kill.
It's interesting that in my classes with students about African-American history, I'm talking about slavery.
I'm talking to you about terrorism, the time that started at the end of the rebuilding and it lasted until World War II.
We don't really know a lot about this.
But for the black Americans in this country, it was a little defined by the terror.
In many communities people were afraid of being stuck.
They were concerned to be meadowed.
The threat of the terror was what defined their lives.
Now there are older people who get closer to me, and they say, "Mr. Stevenson -- you talk to talk about talks -- I tell the people who stop saying that in our history we lead for the first time with terrorism, after 18."
They ask me to say, "No. Say we grew up with that."
The age of the terror, obviously, with the security and decades of racial and separation decades.
In this country we have a dynamic why we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And that's why we haven't understood what we've historically done.
All the time we collide with each other.
We constantly create tensions and conflict.
It costs us work to talk about races. I think it's because we're not willing to engage with a process of truth and reconciliation.
In South Africa, people understood that you couldn't overcome racial regulation without a commitment to truth and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before the genocide had this commitment, but in this country we haven't done it.
I was in Germany giving lectures on death penalty conferences.
It was fascinating because one of the professors stood after my presentation and said, "You know it's fine to listen to what you say.
(Audience: "We have no death penalty in Germany.
We may never be able to have this here."
The room stayed in silence and a lady said, "There is no way that our story, we can never get into the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that we, intentional and defending, we would be able to run people."
Think about this.
How do we feel in a world where a nation like Germany, run to people, especially if they were in your most players?
We couldn't tolerate it.
It would be rational.
And yet, there's this disconnect there.
I think our identity is in danger.
If you don't really care about these things that are so hard, the positive and wonderful things are, however, impossible.
We love innovation.
We are fascinated by technology. We love creativity.
We love entertainment.
But lately, those realities are embedded by suffering, abuse, degrade, innovation.
In my view, you need to integrate both things.
We actually talk about the need to have more hope, more engagement more engagement with the basic challenges of the life of this complex world.
I think that means that it means more time thinking and talking about the poor, the stands that will never come to TED.
Think about them is, in a way, something that's inside our being.
It's true that we have to believe in issues that we haven't seen.
That's what we are. Despite being so rational, so committed to the intellectual thing.
With innovation, with creativity, development comes not just from brain ideas.
These things come from food ideas also by the heart of the heart.
This connection of the mind with heart is what drives us to look at not only how bright and deeply, but also the dark and the hard thing.
I recorded Hawaii, the great leading leader, talked about this.
He said, "When we were in East Europe suffering, we had all sorts of things, but mostly what we needed was hope, interaction for the spirit, a will to be in places of despair and being statement."
Well, that orientation for the spirit is essentially in the heart of what I think -- that even in communities like TED, must be completely.
There is no relationship with technology and design, which allows us to be truly human if we don't pay attention to poverty, to exposure, to inequality.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things.
Let's go back to them.
I had the great privilege being a young lawyer to meet Rosa Park."
These women come together simply to speak.
Occasionally, Mr. Mary calls me, to tell me, "Go, comes the Standard Sea. We're going to meet to speak.
Do you want to come and hear us?"
I would say, "Yes, ma'am, I do."
So she said, "Well, what will you do when you come from?"
I said, "Let's hear them."
So I went and I just heard them.
It was very virtual -- very minimized.
And in a occasion, I was there, listening to these ladies, and after a couple of hours, Ms. Parks went to me and said, "Now look, let me go tell me that this idea of equal justice.
Tell me what you're trying to do."
And I started giving him my speech.
I said, "Well, we're trying to question injustice.
We're trying to help the ones who have been convicted of fire.
We try to confront prejudice and discrimination in the management of criminal justice.
We try to end up with the feelings of life, without freedom for children.
We're trying to do something about the death penalty thing.
We try to reduce the population in jail.
We're trying to end up with massive carbon."
I gave him all my best speech, and he looked at me and he said, "It's Mom Mom member."
And he said, "Percentage attack, very satellite."
At that time, Ms. Carder leaned up, put her finger on the face and said, "That's why you have to be very very valuable."
I think actually, the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We need to find the way to tackle those challenges, those problems, that suffering.
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been educated in simple things.
I've come to understand and believe that every one of us is higher than the worst thing we have made.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I'm convinced that if someone says a lie, it's not because it's a liar.
I'm sure if someone takes something that doesn't belong, it's not that it's a blood.
Even if someone kills another, it is not that it is a sense.
So I think there's a basic dignity in people that should be respected by law.
I also believe that in many parts of this country, and surely, in many parts of the world, the opposite of poverty is not wealth.
That's it.
I really think that in many parts of the opposite of poverty is justice.
And finally, I think it's very dramatic. Very beautiful, very minimized, very prototypes, will not judge us for our technology, for our design or our intellectual or rational capacity.
In the end, you judge the character of a society, not the way they treat rich and powerful and privilege, but by the way they treat the poor, the conditions, the prisoners.
Because it's in this context as we start to understand truly profound issues about what we are.
Sometimes I feel sort of restaurable. I'm going to end with a story.
Sometimes I do too much strength sometimes.
I want tired, like everyone.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my notions in a very important way.
I've been representing these kids who have been sitting with a lot of poverty.
I go to jail and I see my 13-year-old customers and 14 years old, who have been enabled to be played as adults as adults.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge make someone in what isn't it?
The judge described it as a grown-up, but I see a child.
One night very late was wake up thinking, by God, if the judge can become something you don't are, it must have magical powers.
Yeah, look, the judge has magical powers.
You should ask some of that.
As it was too late, I couldn't think properly, but I started working on a film.
I had a 14 year-old customer, a tiny, black black.
I started working on the motion, with a head that said, "Carding so that my 14-year-old black is treated as a 500 year-old privilege, executive of a corporation."
In the course I said that there had been interactive autonomy in the access, in the behavior of police and in the process.
There was a quick line about how in this country there is no ethics but a lack of ethics in this country.
So the next morning I woke up thinking about that unlikely emotion would be a dream, or actually I wrote it?
For my horror, not only had it recovered, but I had sent it to the court.
About two months, I had forgotten it.
And I finally decided, "Oh my God, I have to go to the court for this stupid case.
I got up to the car and I felt really adaptable, overwhelmed.
I went in the car to the computer.
I thought this would be very difficult and small.
Finally, I went down from the car. It walked into the communication.
I was climbing the stairs when I met a older black man -- it was the computer company.
When he saw me, he came up with me and said, "Who is you?"
I said, "I'm a college." He said, "Are you somewhere? I said yes.
So I get approximate and hug me.
And I whispered in the ear.
He said, "I'm proud of you."
I have to tell you now that that was agricultural.
That connected deeply with my interior, with my identity with the capacity that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I walked into the audience room.
When I walked in, the judge saw me.
And he said, "Mr. Stevenson, you wrote this single market car?"
I said, "Yes, Mr. I went -- and we started discussing it.
People started coming in. They were all ingenuity.
I was the one who had written those madness.
The cops came up with the appearance basically, the authorities.
Suddenly, without knowing how, the room was full of people -- all Christians because we talked about race, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about inequality.
With the eyes of the eye, I went to see the conservation that was coming and came.
I looked at the window and he dared all that guitar.
He kept walking over here and there.
Finally, this old black man, with a worry, entered the room and sat behind me, almost at the table of lawyers.
About 10 minutes later, the judge picks up a recession.
During the break, an assistant. I showed up because the conservation had entered the room.
The assistant was advantaged on the old black.
And he said, "Mark, what do you do in the audience sale?
And the old black stood stood up, looked at the assistant and looked at me and said, "I went to this audience room to tell this young man to keep his view in the goal with fire."
I have come today to TED because I think a lot of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very big, but it folds into justice.
That we can't really be truly evolved if we don't care about human rights and for dignity.
That our survival is tied to each other.
That our visions of technology, design and entertainment and creativity must be addressed to the complexity of creative, compassion and justice.
And above all, those of those of the people who share this, I just want to tell you that you keep the view on the goal with figure.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just heard and see an obvious desire of the audience, of this community, to help in your purposes to do something.
Something that's not a care. What can we do?
BG: There are several close opportunities.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a designer this spring in which a effort will be done to reinvent the funds that are spent today in punishment.
For example, here in California, it's going to spend a billion dollars on death row, over the next five years, a billion dollars.
And despite this, 46 percent of the cases of drugs don't include in surfaces.
65 percent of the rapes don't come to anything.
Here's a change of change.
This pressure is going to propose that these funds are going to get the law, to security.
I think there's a very close chance.
CA: There have been a huge decline in the prison in the United States, in the last three decades.
Part of the explanation, you say it has to do with the highest incarceration rate.
What would you say to those who think that's this?
BS: Actually, the rate of crime has remained relatively stable.
The great growth in mass cancer in this country is not for crimes with violence.
It's because of the wrong war against drugs.
That's why this dramatic increase comes up in the prison population.
And we let us convince for the rhetoric of the punishment.
We have three legal causes to bring people into perpetual chain, to steal a bicycle, by small crimes against property, instead of making those resources back to their victims.
I think we have to do more to help the victims of crime and not less.
It seems to me that our current philosophy on punishment does nothing for anyone.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: Google, we've been excited about this today.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you very much for having come to TED. Thank you.
MR: They grow the threats by the death of Bin Laden.
CA: Henzer 2: famines in Somalia, CEO 3: The police is throwing for O.C.
CA: Stay 4, Charles film. Court five, CO2 complexity.
CEOs social Citizenship. Concrete 70, CEO 7,000 dead.
Step eight, Alexander Beijing, Licen 9: Carders.
Several particular: war Al Architecture -- mass destruction.
Recentland. Remote -- the final Trait -- Egypt.
Courts. Mary. Texas.
Oh, my God!
Peter Developing -- these are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months -- maybe they could be from the last six days or the last six years.
The idea is that the media means to give us negative news because our minds are paying attention.
And that responds to a very good reason.
In every second of every day, our senses get much more data than probably the brain can process.
And as nothing cares more than survive, the first stop of all of those data is an ancient piece of the temporal lobe called the demonstration.
The amygdala is our early warning detector -- the danger detector.
It orders and recorded all the information looking for something in the environment that could make us harm.
So from a dozen stories, we prefer to look at negative.
That old breath of the press, "If there's blood sand, "It's very true.
And since all digital devices provide us news news news seven days a week, 24 hours a day, it's not surprising that we are positive.
It doesn't surprise that people think the world is wrong at worse.
But maybe it's not.
Maybe what happens is that we get distributions.
Perhaps the huge progress done in the last century by a series of forces is accelerating so that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems -- climate change, the extinction of species, the scarcity of water and energy, we certainly have them.
As human beings, we are very good at embracing the problems, and in the long run, we end up with them.
So let's switch up with the last century to see where we go.
In the last hundred years, the average of life has more than doubled -- average per capita per capita per capita has been established around the world.
Child mortality has reduced 10 times.
Also, the cost of food, of electricity, transportation and communications, has fallen to 1,000 times.
Steve Pages showed us that we're living the most peaceful time in human history.
And Charles Kennedy that the world's literacy went from 25 to over 80 percent in the last 130 years.
We're really living an extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget it.
And we keep putting more and higher expectations.
In fact, we redefined the meaning of poverty.
Think about it, today, in the United States, a lot of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity, water, toilets, the television, TV, movies, air air and cars.
The bands of the last century of the last century, the emperor of the planet, would never have dreamed with such luxury.
By supporting a lot of this is technology and, ultimately, its exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that comes into information technology jumps in this curve, Moore's Law, and double performance performance in about 12 to 24 months.
So the mobile phone that you have in the pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a supercomputer in the '70s.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore's Law for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this curve.
First, the soft thing that it is, in good and bad times, in war and peace, in recession and depression.
It's the result of fast computers used to build faster computers.
It doesn't stop any of the big challenges.
And even though it's embedded in a law on the left, it's curve up.
The growth rate of technology is increasingly faster and faster.
And in this curve, in the corners of Moore's Law, there are a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we have today.
The computation in the cloud, that my friends of Caps call infinite computing, sensors and networks, the robotics, the 3D printing and its ability to democratize personalized production across the planet, synthetic biology, fuel, vaccines and food -- digital medicine and the A.I.
I mean, how many of you saw the victory in "Jeopardy" of Watson, from Mountain?
It was stage.
I looked at newspapers the best headline there would be.
And I loved this: "All Japanese sounds to human Americans."
"Jeopardy" is not a easy game.
It plays with the disabilities of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence on the cloud, available to everyone in the phone.
Four years ago, here at TED, Ray Kurzweil and I, launched a new university called Systematic University.
We teach these technologies to our students, and in particular, how they can be used to solve the big challenges of humanity.
And every year we asked them to give a company, or a product or service, which can affect the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact the lives of a billion people.
Thirty years ago that would have sound surprising.
Today we can point a dozen companies that have already done it.
When I think about creating abundance, it doesn't mean creating red life for every single room on the planet, it's about creating a life of the possible.
It's about taking that stuff that is scarce and become abundant again.
You see, the scarcity is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources.
I'll give you an example.
It's a story of Jewnst Five in the middle of the 1850.
He's the guy on the left.
I invited the king of System.
The United States troops ate with silver covered, and the same Random, with gold carbon.
But the king of System, ate with aluminum carbon.
You see, the aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet -- more than gold and plant.
So the tip of the monument of Washington to Washington is aluminum.
You see, even though the aluminum is the 8,000 of the mass of the Earth's mass -- it doesn't come as pure metals anymore.
It's driven by oxygen and self-controlled.
But then he got the electronics and made the aluminum something so cheap that we use it as if it was desperate.
We project this analogy towards the future.
Let's think about energy scarcity.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're on a planet that 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They get to the Earth 16 watts of energy every 88 minutes.
It's not about scarce but of accessible.
And there are good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the one of the generated things -- 8,000 rupees versus 17 rupees.
The cost of solar power 50 last year.
Last month, MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade, in the United States, the solar power will cost six cents the GDP per hour compared to the 15 cents of national media.
And if we have energy abundance we also have water abundance too.
Let's talk about war wars.
Do you remember when Carl Anderson pointed out the spacecraft spacecraft Voyager to the Earth, in 1990, after Sandah?
It took a famous picture. How did he call?
"A pale point."
Because we live in a water planet.
We live on a planet covered by 70 percent water.
Yes, the 478 is saltwater, two percent is ice, and we fought for 0.5 percent of water on the planet, but also here is a hope.
It's a technology available not in 10 or 20 years, but right now.
It comes the nanotechnology -- the narratives.
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning, one of the innovators of the British Lab, I'd like to share with you, and his technology called The Thingo -- maybe you know -- it's the size of a small server.
It is able to generate a thousand liters of drinking water every day of any source salt salt water, water contaminated -- for less than two cents a gallon.
The president of Coke just agreed that to make a major test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that comes well, and I have a confidence that will be, Coke will implement it globally, in 200 countries on the planet.
This is an innovation for this technology that today exists today.
And we've seen it in mobile phones.
My God, we're going to get to 70 percent penetration of mobile phones in the end of 2013.
Think about it, that mass warrior has better mobile communications in the middle of Kenya than President Reagan 25 years ago.
And to tell with a smartphone cell with Google, it has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton 15 years ago.
It lives in a world of abundance and communications that nobody could have predicted before.
better than that, the things that you and I have paid dozens and hundreds of thousands of dollars -- GPS video, images, pictures of books and music, medical diagnostic technology -- now they're destroyed and lose market value with mobile phones.
Maybe the best comes in when you get the health applications.
Last month, I had the pleasure of announce with the Congestion Foundation called the Prize X Marcold Market, 10 million dollars.
We're challenging the teams of the world to combine these technologies in a mobile device with which they talk, and because it has A.I. -- they can stop, they can extract blood from finger.
To win has to make better diagnosis than a certified medical equipment.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors, where the flower load is 25 percent, and there are three percent health workers.
When this device sequence a RNA virus or DNA that I don't know, call the health of health and first of all, avoid that the pandemic happened.
But this is the biggest force to produce a world of abundance.
I call it the billion in the rise.
The white lines here are the population.
We just just spent the brand of seven billion.
By the way, the best protection against demographic explosion is to address the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2020, it will go from two billion to five billion Internet users.
Three billion minds never before you add to the global conversation.
What do these people want to?
What do you want? What do you want to do?
And instead of a economic collapse will we have the largest economic injection of history.
These people represent tens of billions of dollars injected in the global economy.
And they will fly from more health thanks to the Mediterranean, of a better education with the Khan Academy and because of the use of 3D printing and the computation in the cloud will be more productive than ever before.
What can we give us three billion more members of humanity, healthy and productive solids.
How about a voices never before you?
What if we give the oppressed. wherever they are, a voice to be heard and power for the first time?
What are these three billion things?
What if they are contributions that we can't predict this?
One thing I learned with the X Prize is that small teams -- guided by their passion with a clear goal, they can do extraordinary things, things that before you only could do the big corporations and the governments.
I'm going to end up sharing a story that really excites me.
There's a program that maybe some of you know.
It's called Rosetta.
It came up at the University of Washington, in Seattle.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids and figure out how to fold the protein.
The folds determine the structure and the functionality.
It's very important in medical research.
And so far, it was a computer problem.
They have played with this college professors, among others.
Then hundreds of thousands of people joined and started playing it.
And it has been shown that today the machinery of recognition of human patterns is better protein than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, what gives me a huge confidence in the future is that we have more power as people to take the big challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the intervention of the experiment.
We have the capital of the technology.
And we have three billion new minds that are being used to work on the solution of big challenges and do what we should do.
We have an extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
It is the beginning of the particular point.
And as the idea can be explained in a minute, I want to give you three examples to do time.
The first story is Charles Darwin, one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, in 1865.
Maybe they believed that you can chase paintings, but it wasn't like that.
It actually collects fish.
And he described one of them as very moral."
It was the money.
It was very heavy to the 1930s.
Now the fish is at the Red State of Michael.
But we've heard this story many times, about Galapagos and other places, so that doesn't have any special thing.
But the case is that we still come to the Galapagos.
We still think they're pressure.
The reports still say they follow intact.
So what happens here?
The second story, also illustrates another concept -- the supply of the waist.
Because I was there in 1978 studying a lagoon in West Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe, and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could show you.
I burned a lot with the sun and I was convinced that I was not there.
This is my first exhibition to the sun.
The vaccine was surrounded by fire, and as you can see, from a few monopones.
There were social things about 20 inches -- the black coat holiday.
And the fishing of this state was very abundant and went through a good time, so it was earning more than the middle in Ghana.
When I went there 27 years later, the number of fish had declined half the time.
They were marriage at the age of five.
They experienced a genetic pressure.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish were still happy to be there.
I mean, nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was involved in the introduction of the fishing fishing in Southeast Asia.
In the 1970s, I started in the 1960s. Europe did a lot of development projects.
The fishing development was supposed to impose countries that already had 100,000 fishermen to impose the industrial fishing.
And this boat, quite ugly, was called "The Four Court.
I went out fishing in it, and we conducted studies in southern China of China and mainly in the Sea, in the Mary.
What we captured there was something incredible.
We captured it, now the bottom of the sea.
90 percent of what we captured were emotional, other animals that are on the bottom.
And most fish are tiny blobs about a few remains that are coral reef fish.
In short, the sea floor came to the deck, and then it was thrown up.
These images are extraordinary, because the transition is very fast.
In a year, you do a study and then you start the commercial fishing.
The background happens to be a solid coral background, in this case, to be a plant.
This is a dead cortex.
They didn't eat them. They were described because they were dead.
Once we captured a living.
I was still not adaptive.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This mountain of remains is what the fishermen collect every time you go to a zone where they never have fish.
But it doesn't go away.
We transform the world, but we don't remember it.
We adjust the point of particular, to the new level, without remembering what was there.
If we generalize this something like this.
And on the axis, we have good things on the axis, biodiversity of the country, the surface of the country, the water supply.
And that changes over time. It changes because people do things with nature.
Each generation will use the images of the beginning of their conscious life as normal and exploring it forward.
The difference is that they perceive the loss.
But they don't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can analyze the changes of changes.
And at the end of it will keep a few different feedback.
And that, in a big measure, is we want to do now.
We want to keep things that are no longer what they are.
But you should think that this problem affects people when the predatory societies kill animals without knowing what they've done to some generations later.
Because, obviously, an animal that is very abundant before it goes extinct is little completely.
You don't lose alien animals.
You lose a little frequent animal.
Even if this is not perceived as a great loss.
Over time, we focus on large animals, and in a large sea of big fish.
They become slightly frequent because we weigh them.
And over time they have a few fish, but we think that's the point of the game.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know it was different.
In fact, a lot of people, scientists, show it was very different.
And they will do it because the evidence presented in a way that is earlier is not the way they expect evidence to have.
For example, the anecdote that some of them are presenting -- like Captain such and so many fish in this area can't be used or, generally they don't use the scientists of the fish, because it's not scientific."
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, even though we live in an integrated societies, because they don't trust the sources of the past.
From there the huge role that can be a protected marine area.
Because with protected marine areas, we really recreated the past.
We recreated the past that people can't conceive because the point of a game has been running and it's extremely low.
That's for the people who can see a protected marine zone and you can benefit from the vision that provides them, which allows them to erase their point of time.
And what about people who can't do it because they don't have access, like the Middle East, for example?
I think that the arts and cinema may maybe fill the vacuum.
This is a simulation of the Bay of Sahara.
A lot of time ago, there were gray whales in the Bay bay -- 500 years ago.
And you'll have noticed that the materials and the transportations are kind of like "Supercomputer."
And if you think about "Airport: if you think about why people are moving with the film -- without talking about the story of Palestinians, why do we move with the pictures?
Because it makes something that, in a sense, has been lost.
So my recommendation -- the only one I give, is March, to make "Star Forest underwater.
Thank you very much.
Hi. I'm Kevin Climate, the transformation manager of YouTube -- and I look at YouTube videos in professional form.
It's true.
So today we're going to see why the videos are making viral and what important it is.
We all want to be stars, celebrities singer, singers, communities. When I was younger, that seemed very, very hard.
But today the web is makes any of us, or from our actions, all of our experiences in a part of our global culture.
Anybody can be famous on the Internet in a signature.
It's over 48 hours of video to YouTube per minute.
And, of those, just a small percentage is making it viral and it gets infinite and wins cultural moming.
How does that happen?
Three things: conservation creators, participation communities and surprise factor.
Well, let's start.
Beau Stevens: Oh my God, my God.
Oh my God!
Wow.
Archimede, translation.
KA: Last year, Brother's Steven published this film outside his house at the National Park.
In 2010, it was 23 million times.
This graph shows the projections in the popular rise of last summer.
Now Brother's not supposed to make a viral video.
I just wanted to share a double rainbow.
That's what you do if it's called March Mountain Mark.
I had published many videos of nature.
This video had been published in January.
So what happened here?
It was Jimmy Milky.
Jimmy Demo published this Tweet that was going to put video to the popularity video.
Construction creators like Jimmy Beijing presents us new things and interesting things to a wider audience.
Recently Racia.  It's Friday, you have to go. You have to start the Friday --   You all want to get the weekend.   You all want to get the weekend.    Versus, Friday -- starting the Friday --  KA: You won't think we could have this conversation without talking about this video, I hope.
Versuase Beach Ball is one of the most popular videos of the year.
They saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the frequency of use.
Just like "Archive God, this video seemed to have come out of nothing.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was Friday, it's true.
And if you ask for those other peaks are also Friday, too.
But what happened this day, this particular Friday Friday particular Friday passenger?
Well, I took the Tatorom and a lot of blogs started writing about it.
Michael J. Manneland, from Maris Science Twitter, was one of the first people to make a joke about the video on Twitter.
But what's important is that a person or a group of conservation creators take a point of view and share it with a broader audience, accelerating the process.
So, this community of people who share this great internal joke then starts talking about that and doing things.
And now there's 10,000 personalizing Peters in YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a parody for each of the other days.
Unlike the universal entertainment of the 20th century, this community involvement is our way of being part of the phenomenon by understanding or doing something new with that.
"Data Castock is a repeated animation with a music agreement.
So, that's it.
This year you saw about 50 million times.
And if you think that's rare, you know that there is a version of three hours that you have seen four million times.
Until the cats, they saw this video.
And there are cats that saw other cats see the video.
But the important thing here is creativity that woke up between the Internet Internet community.
There were recommendations.
Somebody did a version of the old one.
And then it became internationally.
All of a sudden, a whole community of remix, which made this would happen from being a stupid joke to something we can all become part of.
Because today we don't just enjoy, we participate.
Who could have predicted something like this?
Who could have predicted "Accord "D" or Recession Bale or "Dan Carter?"
What did you have written that would have written this situation?
In a world where you get two days of video per minute, just that really unique and unexpected thing can be rid of the way these things have done it.
When a friend told me that I had to look at this great video of a guy that protest the streets in New York, I admit that I don't care too much.
Casey Passage." I was driven by not circular for the sense, but often there are obstacles that prevent you to circulate them directly by the biometer.
KA: Thanks to the surprise effect and his humor, Casey Hollywood did that five million people saw and understand their idea.
So this approach is worth everything new we do in a creative way.
And all of this leads to a big question.
Brother's Sanger." What does this mean?
Archive."
KA: What does this mean?
The trends of the trend -- creative communities of participation -- totally unexpected, are features of a new kind of media -- a new culture, which we all have access and is the audience that defines political.
As I said before, one of the world's celebrities in the world, Justin King, started in YouTube.
They don't pay permission to express their ideas.
Now we're all a little bit owners of our pop culture.
These are not the characteristics of the old media, which is barely the ones of the current media, but they define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a finished story.
It's a puzzle that's still coming up.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces.
Imagine the first piece, a man burning the work of a whole life.
It's a poet, a description, a man whose entire life had been supported in the unique hope of unit and freedom of his country.
Think of it as the communist comes into St. I was facing the fact that their life had been totally in vain.
The words, for so much more friends, now they would throw it.
It broke in silence.
He died killed by history.
He's my grandfather.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother was never allowed to forget his story.
My task was not to let that have been in vain. And my lesson was to learn that the story tried to get us, but we stick.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat when they are going to pump down to the sea.
My mother, Man, was just 18 years old when her father died, and a concerned marriage and two small girls.
For her, life had been destined to a single task, the escape of his family and a new life in Australia.
It was inconceivable for her that I couldn't do it.
And after a four years that he challenged fiction, a boat is sliding to the sea disguised battery waste.
All the adults knew the risks.
The biggest fear was parasites, rape and death.
Like most adults, my mother wore a favorite with poison.
If you capture us, we first would take my sister and I, and then she and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat, the constant rate of the engine, the press is diving in every wave, and the anti-based horizon.
I don't remember the pirates that came several times, but they were angry with the value of men in our boat, or the engine dying and couldn't fit for six hours.
But I know the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia, and the young man who collapsed and died, ending the journey was too much for him, and the first apple I tried, given by the men of the platform.
No apple had the same flavor later.
After three months in a refugee camp, we were pregnant in Muslim.
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women across three women giving a new life together.
We set up in Marsids, a kind of brain current whose population is comprised of immigrants of immigrants in it.
Unlike the middle class suburbs -- whose existence I knew, in School, had no sense of the right.
The smells that came from the shops were from the rest of the world.
And the fragments of English and anti-degree English people would be exchanged between the people who had one thing in common: they were starting again.
My mother worked in farmers, then in a short line line, working six days, double turn.
Yet, I found time to study English and get a title in IT technology of the information.
We were poor.
All the dollars were assigned and established an extra tumor in English and mathematics, no matter what was going to be needed, which was usually new clothes, always was a new hand.
Two pairs of media for school, one to hide the holes of the other.
A school uniform to the telescopes, because it had to last six years.
And there were weird cameras and painful coastal heads, and some degrees and "making "sense: "Artifamentation, go back home."
However, where?
Something in me is forced.
He was accumulating determination and a voice that said, "I'm going to get them."
My mother, my sister and I slept in the same bed.
My mother was saving every night, but we were telling us about our day, and we heard the movements of our grandmother in the house.
My mother suffered papers, all of the boat.
And my task was to be awake until his nightmare started to be able to wake up.
She opened a computer store, then he studied to be an estimate and opened another business.
And women would come with their stories about men who couldn't do the transition and angry, and sales and turned boys trapped between two worlds.
They looked for subsidies and patterns.
And they created centers.
I lived in parallel worlds.
In one, it was the classic Asian student, explore with what I would demand from myself.
In the other, it was buried in precious lives, tremendously related by violence, drug abuse and isolation.
But many people got help over the years.
And for that work, when I was studying my last year of lawyer, I was picked up the Australian young Australian young year.
And I was a crisis of a puzzle puzzle, but his edges didn't fit.
So Leone, stage anti-degree of Martin was now so Leonardo, refugee and social activist invited to speak in sites that I had never heard of, and in houses whose existence she'd never imagined.
I didn't know the protocols anymore.
I didn't know how to use contracts.
I didn't know how to talk about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to go to the stress and the comfort of life in a guard surrounding -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters finishing the day as they did for almost 20 years, counting on the day of each one and defending asleep, the three still in the same bed.
And I told my mom that I couldn't do it.
I remembered that I had the same age as she had when we got into the ship.
The non-expense had never been a choice.
"I said, "Hey, and you're not what you don't know."
So I talked about juvenile compassion and education and attention to marginalized and despaired.
And the more I was talking about, the more it was declined to speak.
I met people from all walks of life, many of them doing what they love, living on the frontier of the possible.
And even though I ended up my discussion, I realized I couldn't stay in a coward race.
There had to be another piece of the puzzle.
And I realized at the same time that it's okay to be a stranger -- a rainy one, new on the scene -- and not just that it's right, but it's something that's going to be grateful, maybe a gift.
Because being able to be able to easily mean to collapse the horizon, it can easily mean accepting the assumptions of your innocence.
I gave enough steps outside my comfort zone to know that, yes, that the world is destroyed, but not the way we fear it.
The odds that had not been allowed were all the way that they were all over.
There was an energy there, a relentless optimism -- a rare mixture of humility and failed.
So I followed my intuition.
I joined a small group of people for whom the motto can't do -- it was a sub-surface challenge.
For a year we didn't have a cents.
At the end of every day, it made a giant place of soup that we all share.
We worked all right, so we worked at night.
Most of our ideas were crazy, but some brilliant ones, and we open up step.
I made the decision to move to the United States.
After one trip.
My heart again.
Three months later, I had moved up, and the adventure went on.
Before I finished, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up in a time where the Congo was social norm and the local Mandarin was the person who cared.
Life hadn't changed by centuries.
His father died shortly after she was born.
The mother grew it alone.
At 17 became a confidence of a Mandarin whose mother would beat it.
No support of your husband, he caused a revolution to demand it and take the cause itself, and much more reverse caused when they win.
It can't be done to be wrong.
I was in the shower in the fourth of a hotel in Sydney when she died, to 1,000 miles, in Molice.
I looked through the scale of the shower and I saw it stop on the other side.
I knew I had come to rest.
My mother called minutes later.
Days later, we went to a Buddhist temple in School and sat around her attack.
We tell them stories and we made sure we were still with her.
At night a monkey came and told us that he had to close the art.
My mother asked us to feel his hand.
I asked the movement, "Why is his hand hot, and the rest of the body so cream?
"Because you have taken your hand from the morning."
They haven't been specialized."
If there's a nerve in our family, that runs through women.
Given who we were and how life formed, we can now see that the men who had come to our lives would have been frustrated by us.
The defeat would have gone easily.
Now I want to have my own kids, and I wonder about the boat.
Who might want that to you?
However, I fear the privilege of the easy, the right.
Can I give you a test in their lives, diving courageous in every wave, the couple of the court rate of the engine, the vast horizon that doesn't guarantee anything about it?
I don't know.
But if I could give it to you and see them, I would do it.
Turing Stickens and also the mother of so much is here in the fourth or fifth row today.
My story begins in Rama about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the star sky, with the Sufi singing Mars."
We were talking about how nothing has changed from the age of ancient Indian prisoners "The Maharm."
In those days when Indians wanted to travel we jumped into a car, and we took the sky.
Now we do it with airplanes.
At that time, when I invented, the great Indian warrior predictable, he had been, it took a bow and a arrow on the ground, he got water.
Now we do the same thing with tastes and machines.
The conclusion we took was that the machinery had replaced magic.
And that got me a lot.
Every time I felt a little bit more transportation.
I terrified this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciating a discourse if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't take it to my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow the magic, not killing it.
As a child, my grandfather gave me his silver silver replace.
And this tender piece of 50 years was for my most magical thing.
It became a broken door to a world full of images, and paintings and battles in my imagination.
I had the feeling that the mobile phone, the luxury clocks and the cameras prevent that we are.
They provide our inspiration.
That's why I got up, I was stuck to this technological world to see how to use it to create magic, rather than killing it.
I illustrate books since the 16 years.
So when I saw the iPad, I saw a narrative device able to connect to the readers in the entire world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where we are.
Put the text with the image, the animation, the sound and the touch.
The narrative becomes more and more multiple.
But what does that serve us?
I'm about to launch Kansas, an interactive application for iPad.
He says, "I put your fingers on each light."
And so --  says, "This box belongs -- I write my name.
And so I become a character of the book.
In a number of times I get a letter -- the iPod knows where I live thanks to GPS -- that comes back to me.
My inner kid is excited with all of these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic.
And I don't mean magician and dragons, but to that magic of childhood, to those ideas that we were living from children.
For some reason, fireflies in a jar always became exciting.
So over here, we need to tilt the iPad to release the fireflies.
And really, you light your way into what the rest of the book.
Another idea that I was fascinated with a girl was that a whole galaxy would be in a balance.
So here, every book and every world becomes a balance that I drag into this magic device, inside the device.
And this opens up a map.
In every book of fantasy has always been maps, but they've been static maps.
This is a map growing up and guide you during the rest of the book.
At certain points of the book, it also unfolds.
Now I'm going to go in.
Another hugely important aspect for me is to create Indian content and at the same time.
These are the signals.
We've all heard of the fairies and the bottles, but how many people outside India know their Indian counterparts and they would say?
These poor silents have been trapped in the cameras of Indra for millennia, in an old and old book.
So we're bringing them back into a contemporary child story.
In a story that deals with current issues like environmental crisis.
And talking about environmental crisis, one of the last 10 years has been that children have been locked in, attached to their P.C. -- haven't come out to the outside world.
But now with mobile technology we can take our children into the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go outside the outside, take the camera or the iPad, and collect images of different natural objects.
As a child, I had a lot of colleagues, of sticks and stones and translations and contacts.
For some reason the kids don't do it.
So to reclaim this ritual of childhood is going to go out and in a chapter -- take a picture to a flower and then label it.
In another chapter, you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then label it.
So this is created a digital collection of pictures that you can then put on the Web.
A kid in London puts a picture of a cold and says, "Oh, today, I saw a pairborgo.
A kid in India says, "I saw a monkey."
And it creates this kind of social network around a collection of digital photos that have been taken on.
In the face of connection, between magic and Earth and technology there are many possibilities.
In the next book, we plan to have an interaction where you go out with the iPad, and the video goes on and through the fact that you see a group of animated commands that appear on the interior plants of the house.
At a moment, the screen is filled with leaves of leaves.
And you have to make the sound of the wind and blow them out to read the rest of the book.
We go into a world where the forces of nature are connected to technology and magic and technology close one another.
Let's take the power of the sun.
We're approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and that magic and joy and love that we felt through a simple story.
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about why many health projects fail.
And I think, really, the most important thing about that is we stopped listening to patients.
And one of the things we did at the University January was to go to a correct director of the listening.
And not in a very scientific way, she was a little coffee cup or tea and asked patients and family and known what happen?"
How can we help it?
And we tend to think, this is one of the biggest problems for what all of us, or maybe not all, but most of the health projects fail, because we stopped listening.
This is my school Millimaton: It's very simple.
It has a piece of clock and off.
Every morning I got up.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I got the challenge to get to 95 King.
But it's so simple, that every time I connect me, I send my information to Google Hindus.
And my head doctor has access to him as well. And so, he can see what my weight problem, not at the same time when I need toilet assistance or some urgency of that style but to see it backwards.
But there's another thing.
As some of you know, I have over 4,000 followers on Twitter.
So every morning I connect to my school Wi-Fi and before I went back to my car, people start to talk to me, "Look, today I think you need a light lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's pressure of pairs used to help patients, because it could be used for obesity, and also for patients to stop smoking.
On the other hand, it can be employed to move people out of their chairs.
From the next week will be available.
This little monkey connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people will be able, from their homes, take their blood pressure, send them to their doctor, and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients assume a position, they come back to restore control and be capital from their own boat, but it can also help us care to health care because of the challenges that we face as the firing of the medical attention, the doubling of demand and other issues.
Doing techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team.
And you can do it with techniques like this, but also through crucial.
And one of the things we did want to share it with you with a video.
We all have navigation control in cars.
Maybe we even have them in our cell phones.
We know perfectly where the ATM is in Mars.
It's also where all the galleries are.
And of course, we can find food food chains.
But where is the nearest standard to help this patient?
We asked but nobody did.
Nobody knew where to get the Kosovo saves lives right now.
What we did was we did crucial in the Netherlands.
We created a website, and we asked the audience to -- you see a DNA, please give it a steer, please send it, you tell you where, and when it's open, because sometimes they open up in the stores and others are closed.
And over 10,000 DNA already presented in the Netherlands.
The next step was to look for the application for that.
And we did an app for the iPad.
We created an app for Ladie, augmented reality, to find these AIDS.
And every time you're in the city of Maris and someone collapse, they can use their iPhone, and the next weeks use their cell phones to find the nearest State, which can save lives.
And from today, I'd like to present this one, not just like A AIDS 40,000, which is the name of the product, but as a state of statistics."
And we want to start it at the global level.
We're looking at all the colleagues in the world, in other universities, to help us find and work and act as a center for the corruption of the Google around the world.
Every time they are from vacation and someone collapsed, it can be a relative or someone in front of you, you can find it.
I would also want to invite companies around the world that could help us to jump these Models."
You might be service service or television people, for example, to see if the HIV who's shown is still in place.
Please Help us in this and not just improve the health, but to take control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share my photograph.
Or is it the photograph?
Because, of course, they're photographs that can't take their cameras.
My interest for photography was woke up with my first digital camera at 15 years.
I mixed up with my passion before, but it was a little bit different because using the camera the process was in planning.
And when you take a photograph with a camera, the process ends up when you press the passenger.
For me, photography had more to do with being in the right place, at the Indian moment.
I thought anybody could do it.
So I wanted to create something different, a process that began to press the pandemic.
photos like this: a construction in a very transit road.
But it has a unexpected turn.
And despite that, it keeps a level of reality.
Or pictures like this, dark and colorful at the same time, but with the common objective of keeping the level of reality.
And when I say realistic I say to you.
Because, of course, it's not something that I can capture but I always want it to have been captured in some way as a photograph.
The pictures that you have to think about a moment to discover the trick.
It has more to do with capturing an idea that is going to capture a moment.
But what is the trick that makes them seem real?
Are you the details or the color?
Does the light?
What does the illusion do?
Sometimes the illusion is perspective.
But in the end, it's about our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive in a two-dimensional surface.
It's actually not about whether it's realistic but what we think is realistic.
So I think the foundations are very simple.
I see it as a puzzle of reality in which we take different pieces of reality and together to create an alternative reality.
Let me show you a simple example.
Here we have three perfectly unimaginable objects, something that we all can relate to the three-dimensional world.
But combined in a certain way you can create something that still looks definitely definitely, as if it exists.
But at the same time, we know it doesn't exist.
So we deceive the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that it doesn't really make sense.
And I see the same process by combining the photographs.
It's really going to combine different realities.
And the things that make a picture look like I think they're those in which we don't even think about the things that surround us in our everyday lives.
But by combining pictures is very important to consider it, because otherwise something will look bad.
So I would like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to achieve realistic results.
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But combined, you can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of photos must have the same perspective.
Second, the combined photos must have the same kind of light.
And these two images with these recipies were taken to the same height and the same kind of light.
The third point is to make it impossible to distinguish the beginning, and the end of the different images with a perfect moon.
It has to be impossible to see where the image is made.
This is another example.
And I could think this is the image of a landscape and the lower part is supported.
But this picture is completely composed by photographs of different places.
And I'm personally thinking that it's easier to create a place than finding it because you don't need to put the ideas in your head.
But it requires a lot of planning.
And as I thought this idea in winter, I knew that I had several months to plan it, to find the different locations for the puzzle pieces.
For example, the fish was captured in a fishing journey.
The cost is a different location.
The underwater part was captured in a piece of stone.
And yes, even I made the house of the top of the island to seem more substantial.
So to get a realistic outcome, I think it makes planning missing.
It always starts with a sketch, an idea.
Then you have to combine different photographs.
And here every piece is very well thinking.
If you do a good job when you take the pictures, the result can be very beautiful, and at the very realistic time.
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
I'll start showing a slide on technology, very boring.
Please, if you can put it up.
It's a diagram that I took from a folder mine.
I'm not interested in showing you the details, but the general thing.
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of the Rick economists versus the power of local areas.
What's interesting about this is that this one, like a lot of other people that we tend to see, is kind of a straight line in the logarithmic scale.
In other words, every step here represents a order of magnitude on the scale of performance.
To talk about technology with logarithmic curves is something new.
Here's something weird here.
And that's what I'm going to talk about.
Please turn on the lights.
I would need more intensity because writing about paper.
Why do we plot technological curves in mathematical scales?
The answer is that if you draw them into a normal curve that we say, these are the years, or some unit of time, and this would be any measure of the technology that I'd like to graph, the diagram would look something ridiculous.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say much.
But if it farmers, for example, some other technology, like transportation, in a massacre curve would be very dumb, we would see a straight line.
But if something like this, you give it a qualitative change.
If the transportation technology would move as fast as the professor of professionals, we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But it doesn't move to that rhythm.
There are no precedent in the history of technological development of a computer growth that every single few years gain orders of magnitude.
The question I want to plant is -- looking at these exponential curves -- we see that they don't follow forever.
It's not possible to hold this change as fast as it goes.
It will happen one of two things.
Or it's going to become a typical course -- I know like this until it gets something completely different, or maybe I'll do something like this.
That's all that can happen.
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe something like this.
So we would now be in the middle of a transition.
In this line, we're in a transition of what used to be the world, to a new way.
So what I try to ask, and ask me, is: What is that new way that you embrace the world?
What new state is running around the world?
The transition seems very, very confusing if we're embedded in it.
I remember the future happened in the year 2000, and people used to talk about what would happen in 2000.
This is a conference where people talk about the future, and we see that the future is still the year 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has shrunk. year after year, throughout my life.
But I think it's because we feel that something is happening.
We can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't make a lot to think about 30 or 50 years because everything will be so different that exploring what we're doing today doesn't make any sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it might be, how it might be that transition that we experience.
But to do that, I will have to talk a little bit about things that don't have to do with technology and I.T.
Because I think the only way to understand it is taking distance, and look at the long-term things.
The scale of time that I'd like to do is the time of life on Earth.
I think this image makes sense if we look at it every billion years.
So we went back about 2.5 billion years when the Earth was a great sterile rock, with many chemicals that float around us.
If we look at the way those chemicals organized us, we give a sense of how things happened.
And I think there are theories to start understanding the origin with RNA -- I'm going to tell you a simple version of this, and it's that, at that time, I had floating some oil droplet with all kinds of chemical recipes inside of it.
Some of those oil droplet contain a particular combination of chemicals that made them put materials from the outside and so the drops grew up.
And they started to divide.
In a sense, those were the most primitive mobile forms -- those oil protects.
But those drops were not alive, in the current sense, because each of them contains a random recipe of chemicals.
And every time they divide a massive distribution of the chemicals they have.
So every picture was a little different.
In fact, the drops that somehow differ being better at the time of incorporating the conservatives -- they grew more chemicals and they divide more.
They generally lived longer, they were more represented by it.
It was a form of life, chemical life, very simple, but things became interesting when these drops learned the trick of abstraction.
In some ways we don't understand very well these strategies learned to store information.
They learned to save information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemistry called DNA.
In other words, they worked in this meaningless evolution, a writing system that allowed them to register what they were to be able to replicate it.
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since they evolved 25 million years ago.
Our recipe, our genes, have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, each being alive is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I did just for fun -- now we can write things with this code.
Here I have 100 white dust show that I try to hide the security people in the airport.
But it contains -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we used to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data in this DNA fragment and identified it 10 at 22 times.
So if someone wants 100 million copies of my personal card -- I have a lot for all of you in fact for every single person in the world and it's here.
If it was a physicist would have put it in a virus and spread it through the room.
What was the next step here?
Writing the DNA was an interesting step.
This made these cells happy another billion years old.
But then another big step happened in which things became very different, and it was that these cells started to exchange and communicate information by forming these cells of cells.
I don't know if you know, but bacteria can exchange DNA.
So for example, for example, they evolved antibiotic resistance.
Some bacteria found the way to avoid penicillin and adopted them to create their little DNA with other bacteria and now there are many resistant residents because bacteria communicate.
This communication led to place that they would form communities that, in a way, they were together on it, and they set up a survival.
So they survived or failed together, or that if a community was very successful all the individuals of that community would replicate more and they were ended by evolution.
And the inflection point happened when these communities came up so much that, in fact, they came together and decided to write the whole recipe of the community together in a DNA chain.
The next stage for life took another billion years old.
And at that stage we have multicellular communities, communities of many different cells working together like a single organism.
In fact, we are a molecular community.
We have many cells that no longer act alone.
The skin cell doesn't serve without the heart, or the music cell or the brain, and so on.
So these communities evolved and produced more interesting levels than the cell phone, something we call an organism.
The next level happened within these communities.
These started to abstract information.
And to build very special structures that they didn't do more than process information in community.
It's neural structures.
The neurons are the devices that process the information that those cell communities built.
In fact, they started to specialize within the community being responsible to record and understand and convey information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that time as individuals, learning was confined to the duration of an organism, and not the evolutionary time period.
So an organism could, for example, learn how to eat a certain fruit because I knew bad and started the last time he ate it.
That could happen during the life of an organism, because they had built these processing structures that for evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years, by the death of individuals that ate that failure.
So the fact that the nervous system builds those information structures accelerated enormously the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now happen to be confined to an individual.
It could happen in time you need to learn.
But then, of course, individuals discovered the trick of communication.
So for example, the most refined version we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an incredible invention.
I have a very complicated idea a vague idea, in the head.
I'm sitting here emitting a few degrees and hopefully building a similar idea, vague and confusing, in his heads that I make certain analogy with mine.
But we took something very complicated we turn it into sound, in sound sequences and produce something very complicated in another brain.
That allows us to start working like an organism.
In fact, as a humanity, we started doing antibiotics.
We now go through similar periods to the multicellular organisms, we abstract our methods of record.
For example, the invention of language was a little step in that direction.
The television, the computer, the video tape, the CO2, and so on, are the specialized mechanisms that we now build to handle that information.
And that hung us into something much bigger, faster and able to evolve more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen in microseconds now.
You already saw the evolutionary example of the thing that produced some evolution with the program convergence, in front of our eyes.
And now we've accelerated the scales of time again.
The first stages of the story that I told you about led to a billion years each.
The next stages, the nervous system and the brain, took a few hundred million years.
The next one, language, took less than a million years.
And the next ones like electronics, it seems to take just a few decades.
The process is sticking. I guess that automatic is the right word to name something that affects its own pace of change.
The more changes, the faster it does.
And I think that's what we see in this explosion of the curve.
We see the process is remained.
But I make my life designing computers, and I know that the mechanisms that I employed to design them would not be possible without recent computer advances.
But now I design objects of such complexity that would be impossible for me to design them in a conventional way.
I don't know it makes every transistor in that connections machine.
There are billions.
Instead, with the designers of The Global Geographic, we think about a level of abstraction, we put it in the machine and the machine with it to do something that before you couldn't be able, it gets far farther and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes it employed methods that we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method that I've been using lately, is evolution itself.
We put into the machine a evolutionary process that operates on the scale of the microscopes.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from a random sequence of instructions.
We say, "Please computer, you can run a hundred million sequences of instructions in the store?
Could you run these sequences of random instructions and run all those programs, and take those who are more excited about what we want to do?"
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say I want to order numbers, to put a simple example.
So we found the programs that get closer to order numbers.
Of course, it's unlikely to be some random sequences of instructions, ordered numbers, so none of them succeeded.
But one, luckily, could be able to place two numbers in the right order.
And I said, "However, could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that better did the homework better?
Let's get those and we eliminate the rest.
And now we reproduce the best of the numbers.
And we went back to play them on a process of an analog approach to the sex.
So let's take two programs, which will deliver children, which will be superintelligent, and children inherit the properties of both programs.
So we got a new generation of programs from the combinations of programs that had a little more success.
And we say, "Please, repeat the process."
It courses again.
It introduces some mutations.
And it tries to again and spare with another generation.
Well, every generation takes a few milliseconds.
So I can do the equivalent for millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or complicated cases in a few hours.
At the end, we ended up with programs that ordered numbers in absolutely perfect numbers.
In fact, they're really more efficient programs than I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs I can't say how they work.
I've tried to analyze them to see how they work.
These are dark programs, strange programs.
But they fill the comet.
In fact, I know, I have the safety that they get the goal because they come from a lineage of hundreds of thousands of programs that succeeded.
In fact, their lives depended on it.
Once I was in a 1973 with Marine Michael and he pulled up a card and says, "Look at this.
He says, "This plane has hundreds of thousands of pieces working together to offer a safe flight, doesn't make you feel stop?
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when they become complicated.
So we started to depend on computers to make different design processes.
And that allows us to produce much more complex things than the normal engineering.
However, we don't understand all the choices that we have.
In that sense, it goes in front of us.
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster and so that we can run these programs much more quickly.
It is, it comes back.
The thing is getting faster, and so I think it seems so confusing.
Because all these technologies are related.
We are approaching.
And we're at an analogous moment to the single-celled organisms when they became molecule.
We are the cameras and we can't understand what the hell we're creating.
We're at the tipping point.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arrogant to us to think that we are the final product of evolution.
And I think we all are part of the creation of what it is to come.
But now comes the lunch, and I think I'll stop here before I get rid of.
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that has to change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I've exercise enough time to allow me to move part of my fake prison on that.
Before I treat the theme of my talk, let's talk a little bit about baseball.
Why not?
We're close to the end of the end, the World series.
We love baseball, right?
Biology is full of amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's going to come out by "Pauseetine reading the standards, talking about statistics and using them to form a great baseball team.
I'll focus on one of them, and I hope many of you know it.
It's called the battery average.
And we talked about 300 percent of a trash that categories 300 dollars.
That means that Babyari application efficiently, three of 10 times.
That means throwing the ball into the game field without being away, and that anybody who's trying to launch it to the first base -- doesn't get in time, and the second foundation will be saved.
Three treatments of 10.
You know how you call an Arab March in the Great Legos?
Well, really good, maybe the team of stars.
You know how you call a baseball balance of 400 400?
By the way, that's someone who is 10 collective, 40 percent.
Legal Lego Limban, the last player of the Great League Side of Biology in a regular season in a regular season.
Now let's take this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable. Or perhaps less uncomfortable, after what I will tell you today.
Suppose they have advanced and destroyed to a surgeon who has also a record of 400 in analogy.
So it doesn't work, right?
Now suppose that they live in a left place and a wanting to have two confronted corruption arteries and their family doctor led to a cardiologist whose record record is 200 percent.
But you know something?
She's just getting this year better.
And their seats have been 24.
This is not working.
But I'll ask you.
What do you believe that should be the average of the art of a heart surgeon or a orthopedic surgeon or a stationary strategy?
1,000, very good.
And the truth of the matter is that no one in all medicine knows the abilities of a good surgeon, a doctor or a paradigm.
What we do, though, is to send them to the world, and I get included, with the mandate, to be perfect.
That never, you never have a mistake and a reward of finding out how to do well.
That was the message that I attended when I was in medical school.
I was a computer obsessed student.
Once, a fellow in the high school said that Brian George studied until a blood test.
So ...
I studied in my little sending, in the sensor of nurses General Hospital in Toronto, not far from here.
And I learned all of memory.
Out of my anti-search class, I memorized the origin and the muscle work, the branching of every artery that comes out of the deck, the difficult difference and the usual difference.
And I even knew the differential diagnosis about how to classify the kidney transparent sandwich.
And while it builds more and more knowledge.
And I was very well; I graduated with honor.
And you come from medical school with the impression that if I memorized everything, then I would know everything, or the most possible, close to the whole thing, because I would get rid of the mistakes.
And it worked for a while, until I met Mrs.
I was a resident in college hospital here, in Toronto, when they brought to the lady Shame to the emergency service where I worked.
At that time, I was assigned to the control service.
And when you get extension to a cardiologist I got to attend to that patient.
And I'll report to the chief of the residents and informing the boss chief and reporting the boss chief to the boss chief and reporting the boss chief to the boss chief and reporting the boss chief to the boss chief and reporting the boss chief to the boss chief and reporting the boss chief to the boss chief and reporting the boss chief to the boss chief and reporting
When I saw Mrs. Rock was stuck.
I heard a sound sound.
And when the crisis, I heard a sound broken on both sides, which gave me a contemporary heart failure.
In these conditions the heart stops working, and instead of pumped the blood forward, the blood goes to the lungs, these are filled with blood, and that's why there's difficulty to breathe.
And it wasn't difficult to diagnose.
I did it and I started working on the treatment that I would give him.
I gave him a panada and a medication to relieve pressure in his heart.
I gave him a little bit of the water, pieces of water, so that he could eliminate liquid.
And in one hour or two, she started to feel better.
And I felt very well.
And there it was when I made the first mistake, sent it to his house.
Actually, I commit two more mistakes more.
He sent her home without talking to the chief chief of residents, and he sent her.
I didn't raise the phone and did what I should have done, which was to call my boss and consult him with him to see her.
And if my boss would have seen it, I would have been able to bring full information to it.
Maybe I did it for a good reason.
Maybe I didn't want to be a resident that required constant attention.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and capable of taking responsibility, that I could take care of my patients without even singing my boss anymore.
The second mistake that I made was worse.
When he sent her home, he wasn't paying attention to a voice in my inner who said, "Don't be a good idea. Don't do it."
In fact, I was so insecure. I was so insecure that he asked the nurse to take care of the lady "Do -- "Do you think he's okay if you go to your home?"
And the nurse thought, and then he said completely naturally, "Yes, I think I'll be OK."
I remember that as if I was yesterday.
So he signed the high, and the ambulance together with the parasites took it to his house.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, I had a bad present in the stomach.
But I kept my job.
At the end of the day, I went to leave the hospital and walked into the parking parking where my car was to go home. At that time, I did something that I don't normally do.
I went through the emergency service service at home.
And there another nurse, not that I would take care of the lady Fred before, but another one, he told me three words -- those three words that most physicians are afraid of.
Other specialists fear them, but there's a particular amount of entrepreneurs and is that we see patients again.
The three words are: Do you remember you?
"You remember the patient who sent her home?"
I asked the other nurse, with total nature.
"Well, she goes back to the same voice.
She was okay.
But I went back and on the edge of death.
In the course of a time of having arrived at home, after I gave him the high school, he suffered a collapsed and his family called the 1913, put them into emergency with a problematic pressure of 15 millimeters of Hawk, which means a severe shock.
He was barely breathing and was blue.
The emergency staff adds all its resources.
They gave him a drug to raise the blood pressure.
And they put an artificial breath.
I was excited and supported to the core.
He had a mixture of feelings because after the stabilize was in intensive therapy and waiting for all hope that would recover.
And in the two or three days after it was evident I would never wake up.
He had severe brain damage.
The family gathered together.
And in eight days, they resigned to what was going on.
And the ninth day, they let him go. Mrs. Maris, wife, mother and grandmother.
They say they never forget the names that they die.
That was my first experience.
So the next few weeks, I got excited about it, and I experienced for the first time the shame that exists in our medical culture, and I felt myself, solidarina, without feeling that healthy shame because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You make the fish, and you never get that mistake.
It's that shame that leaves a teaching.
The evil shame that I talk about is the one that makes us feel very bad inside.
It's the one that tells us not that what we did was wrong, but we are bad.
And that did.
And it wasn't by my boss, he was a stuff.
I talked to the family, and I'm sure it sucks things and make sure that they wouldn't give me.
And I kept asking those questions.
Why didn't I ask my boss to my boss, why did I send it to his house?
And in my worst moments, why did I make such a stupid mistake so story?
Why did I choose medicine?
Little bit of feeling was being supposed.
And I started feeling better.
And in a natural day, the sky opened up and finally got the sun. And I wondered if I felt better again.
And I did a deal with myself in which if I was flying the efforts to be perfect to be perfect to not make any more errors, it would make those voices better.
And it was.
I went back to work.
But it came back.
Two years later, I was an aid in the emergency department in a community hospital north of Toronto, and I received a man of 25 years with a pain in the throat.
I was very busy and approached.
He pointed out here.
He looked at his throat -- he was a little color.
He wrote him infinite and sent him to his house.
But while he was headed to the door he kept sticking his throat.
Two days later, when I came to do my computer shift, my boss asked me to talk to me in his office.
And I quit the three words: Do you remember you?
Remember the patient he saw by a pain in the generation?
Well, he went back and he didn't have a Palestinian artist.
He had a potentially deadly condition called an explanation.
You can look at Google. It's an infection, not from the throat, but from the top air that can cause the closing of those tracks.
He, fortunately, did not die.
You have antibiotics to go through it, and it recovered.
And you go through the same period of embarrassment and computers, then I went back and came back to work, until it happened again and again, and again.
Two times in the same turn, not discussing advanced.
And it's a great effort, especially working in a hospital, because you get 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home and I don't think it's been a code.
One of them thought he had a kidney calculation that had a kidney calculation that had a kidney calculation of it.
They order a riding of kidneys, but it turned out normal -- a colleague that was checking the patient perceived a certain sensitivity on the bottom right-hand and called the surgeon.
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea.
He ordered him to be liquid to be a piece of liquid and asked my colleague to review it.
He checked it up and by noticing some sensitivity on the right right-hand side, called the surgeon.
Both of them were operated and they recovered well.
But every case I was taken up, I was deconated.
But I'd like to tell you that it makes the worst errors in the first five years of exercise and as many colleagues say, it's a perfect.
The most significant ones have been over the last five years.
Just embarrassed and without support.
And here's the problem: If I can't release and talk about my mistakes -- if I can't find the voice that tells me what it really happens, how can I share this with my colleagues with me?
How do you teach them this to do this to don't make the same mistakes?
If I would go into a place like this, I would have no idea what you think of me.
When was the last time you heard someone talking about failure, after failure after failure.
Of course, in a party you'll hear about the mistakes of other doctors, but you won't hear somebody talking about their own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues also -- that a set of transition in my hospital computing the wrong leg -- believe that I would have difficulty in looking at the eyes.
This is the system that we have.
The total denial of mistakes.
It's the system where there are two positions -- the ones who make mistakes and the ones that don't sleep and the ones that I know are the results and the ones who have great results.
And it's almost like an ideological reaction, as antibodies that start to attack that person.
We have the idea that if we go from medicine to people who make mistakes, we're going to be safe system.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years about discipline and medical journalism, I've made a personal study of bad medical prisoners and medical errors to learn the possible, from the first article I wrote for the Toronto Earth to my program, "Both Colline, Black "Art "leaving "Change: All more of the more black art.
And what I learned is that mistakes are ubiquitous.
We work in a system where the mistakes happen every day, where one in 10 printed drugs in the hospital are wrong, or disability is not right -- in a system where institutional infection is increasingly more and more numerous and more numerous causing chaos and death.
In this country, they die 24,000 Canadians.
The U.S. Institute established 100,000 thousand.
In both cases, it's about surface substances, because we're not looking at the problem as we should.
And that's what things are.
A hospital system where knowledge is multiply every two or three years, and we don't update us.
The deprivation.
And we can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow you to make a perfect story of a patient with pain in the chest.
Now, let's take the same patient with a chest on the chest, it comes along with blue eyes and with hot and alcohol and suddenly my story got away.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot -- I don't do things always the same.
And my patients are not cars. They don't have their symptoms always in the same way.
For all this, errors are inevitable.
So if we take the system as they taught us, and we eliminate all the professional professionals to error -- well, not to be left.
And with respect to that people don't want to talk about their own senses?
In my program, "In white "Art, black art, is a compound to say, "This is my worst principal, I would tell everybody, from the paradigms to the heart of parachute surgery, blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah -- "What are your mistakes set? And it would lead the microphone to them.
And their students would stop, they would go down, they drop the head and they swallow and they would start telling their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
You want to say, "Look, don't make the same mistake."
They need a context where you can do it.
They need a predetermined medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The frequent physician is human, you know human, it takes it, and it doesn't get proud of its mistakes, but it gets effort to learn from what's happened to teach others.
It shares their experiences with them.
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
It signals mistakes of other people not with the intention of catching them, but in a love way and support for everyone to benefit.
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings are running the system, and when this happens, you get errors in time.
My name is Brian Florida.
I'm a property doctor.
I'm a human, strong community.
And I feel a lot, but I strive to learn something that can convey others.
I don't know what you think about me, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three personal words -- I remember it.
Do you know how many decisions we take a day.
Do you know how much we choose in a week?
I recently made a survey to more than 2,000 people and the average amount of choice that says to choose an average American, are about 70 a day.
Not a lot, in a research followed for a week to a group of business pressures.
The researchers record the different tasks that were unemployed by these executives and time that they used to make decisions related to those tasks.
They found that, in average, they have 130 jobs per week.
Naturally, every work included a lot of mining.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only 12 percent required a hour or more of their time.
Now think about your choices.
Do you know how many people belong to nine minutes, and how many of you at one time?
How does it draw the way that those decisions?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems of the current -- choosing to the task of options.
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions.
While I talk about this I'm going to ask you a few questions and I need to know your answers.
When I ask a question, as I'm blind, raise your hand just if you want to burn calories.
Otherwise, when you ask a question, if your answer is positive, please give a land.
And now my first question of the day, are you ready to hear about the problem of the condition of the condition?
Thank you.
Being graduate graduate at Stanford University, I grew up this very, very high level surface, at least at that time was very sophisticated.
It's called Gamble Democrats.
It was almost like going to a amusement park.
There were like 250 different kinds of mustard. And virus, over 500 different types of fruit and vegetables and about 25 of water stuff, and this was when we took water water.
I loved to go to that store, but at one occasion, I wondered, why never bought anything eat?
This is the tip of olive oil.
They had over 75 different classes, including the ones that were in the box that came out of million trees.
I once decided to visit the manager and asked him, "Is this strategy going to offer all these discussions?"
He pointed me off the bus full of tourists that came every day, usually with their cameras.
We decided to make a little experiment with the messages.
They quiet it.
They had 34 different classes.
We installed a post to say, just to the entrance of the store.
We put out of six surfaces, or 24 different flavors and looked at two things: first of all, what case were people willing to stop testing the market?
More people stopped when there was 24 percent, that when there was only six, 40 percent.
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a sign of signal.
Here we find the opposite effect.
Of those who stopped when there was 24 percent, only three percent came to buy mess.
Of those who stopped when there were six, we saw 30 percent of the time.
If we do the calculations, people had six times more likely to buy a mass if they found six, that if they were to get 24 percent.
Well, to decide that we don't buy beautiful is probably good for us -- the less it's good for us to preserve the line, but it turns out that the problem of the overload of choices affects us in great decisions.
We decided not to decide, even though this doesn't come back.
Now the theme of the day, the financial savings.
I'm going to describe to you a study I did with Green Hubble, and I started March Mandela and So Bang, where we looked at decisions about savings for the revolution of about a million Americans from about 65 plans in this country.
We were interested in seeing if the number of funds of funds available in terms of savings for retirement, the 400 program, destroyed people to save for the future.
And we found that there was actually a correlation that was.
We had 75 plans that went from two, to 59 different options.
We found that the bigger the number of funds were offered -- there was less participation.
So if we look at the end, we see that in the plans that offer two funds, the rate of participation.
And in the plans that were offered about 60 funds, the rate of participation.
It turns out that even if you decide to participate, when there are more choices, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So for those who decided to participate, the more people were the number of options, the more people were involved by avoiding actions or hedge funds.
As soon as there were more options, they were more willing to invest in financial accounts of market.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we recommend to optimize the future financial well-being.
In the previous decade we've seen three main negative consequences of offering more and more possibilities.
The most likely that they do is they make the decision, which is even when it goes against the interest itself.
It's more likely to take the worst decisions in the finance and in health.
They're more likely to pick up less satisfying things, even though they go better to it.
The main reason is that we tend to look at that giant variety of mother, motivation, viruses and massive, but we are not able to do the calculations to compare and contrast and choosing that awesome display.
Today I want to propose four simple techniques that we've tried, in a way or another, in different research, so they can test in their business.
The first is, Carter.
You heard it before, but it's never been more true than today, than less is more.
People are always upset when I say, "It will come "down!"
They care about losing space in the block.
But actually what we're seeing more and more is that if you decide to cut, get rid of weird redundant options, there's going to be a increase in sales going down, going down costs, there's a better experience in choice.
When I was a Professor & Gamble went from 26 different guys from Harry & Solar to 15, they saw a 10 percent increase in sales.
When the corporation Gordon Cassado removed the products for cats of cats that less were sold -- they increased the use in 172 percent, for two places, higher sales and fewer costs.
You know that the supermarkets of today, in average offers 45,000 products.
In a store of Walmart is offered about 100,000 products.
But the ninth novel has bigger in the world today is Class and offers only 1,500 products -- a kind of tomato tomato salary.
In the world of financial savings -- I think one of the best examples that have emerged on how to manage the choices is the David Babbage, the Harvard program.
All of the employees of Harvard are engaged automatically to a lifetime of life.
Who really want to choose, they give them 20 funds, not 300 or more.
You know, often people say, "I don't know how to cut up.
They're all important options.
The first thing I do is ask the employees, tell me the differences that there are between those options.
And if your employees can't differentiate either, they won't be able to do your "little "blocks."
This afternoon, before I started this session, I was talking to Garware.
He told me that I would be willing to offer people in this audience with everything paid to the most beautiful road in the world.
Here, a description one.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to give you a applause if you're ready to take the strength of Gary to you.
(Audience: Okay. Anyone who's ready to accept the offer.
They're not more?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew there was a trick.
Who is ready for that video?
I think I actually started to hear more hands.
All right.
In fact, you had more information in the first round -- than in the second, but I can look at it and say that they thought the second time was more real.
Because the images made it more real.
This brings me to the second technique to handle the problem of the career overload -- which is Congress.
For people to understand the differences between choices, they have to understand the consequences of every choice, and that the consequences have to feel very fast, very concrete ways.
Why do people spend 15 to 30 percent more in average when they use debit cards or credit cards than when they use cash action?
Because it doesn't seem real money.
It turns out that making it look more real, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
We did a study with Lester Bangladesh and Sandhima President about organization of NGO who worked in NGOs, these people were in a meeting where they were being attached to a plan 1960.
So to that meeting, we would build exactly as we used to, we made a little bit of action.
What we added was that we gave the staff to think about positive things that would happen in their lives if they were saving more money.
With this little bit, there was an increase in the presidents of 20 and an increase in how much they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put on their savings accounts of four percent.
The third technique is Charles.
We can handle more categories than options.
For example, this is a study that we did in a magazine hall.
We saw that in the Muslims as long as the North of the Netherlands, the exhibition of magazines can contain from 330 different types to 166.
But you know?
Because the concept tells me how to tell you.
These are two stores of jewelry.
One is called "The "Paul and the other, "Supermarket."
If you think the one on the left is Synthtak and the one on the right is Japan, you give a land.
(Audience: Well, there's a few.
If you think the one on the left is Faiza and the one on the right is Sentencion, they give a land.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The one on the left is Japan and the one on the right is Senia. But you know something?
This place of climate is completely useless.
The categories have to indicate something to the strategy -- not that defines them.
You often see this problem with those huge lights of funds.
Who are you informed?
My fourth category: control complexity.
It turns out that we can handle a lot more information than we think, if we just simplify it a little bit.
We have to increase complexity.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean.
Let's see a very complicated decision -- the purchase of a car.
This is a German manufacturer of cars that allow it to completely propose.
You have to take 60 decisions, to build the car.
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that offer each one one.
colors. outside of the car. I have 56 possibilities.
Morguing, shoes of change. four choices.
What I'm going to do is vary the order that decisions appear.
So half the customers are going to go from many options, 56 colors, a few colors, four boxes.
The other half of the customers are going to go from a few choices, four boxes, to 56 colors, many options.
So what am I going to look like?
How involved you are.
If you can always spend the button button in every decision, this tells you you're overwhelmed or it is: we're losing them.
We found that the ones that go from many choices to some, push the button for defect over and over again, and another more.
We lose them.
If you go from a few choices to many, they continue there.
Same information, the same number of options.
The only thing I did was disrupt the order where information is presented in.
If we start with the easy, you learn to pick up.
Although the pick box is not saying anything about the preferences of the inner decoration.
We're excited about a product that we're building that now has more embedded with the process.
To sum up.
I've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of the condition of information, Carter, eliminating strange alternatives -- Congress, making it real. It's a classical thing, and we can handle more categories with less choices, to drive the complexity.
All of these techniques I've been introduced to you were designed to help manage the alternatives or better for you, to use them in their issues, or for the people who are living.
So I think the key to getting the best of a choice is being careful to the election.
And the more careful we are in our choices, the better we can practice the art of choice.
Thank you very much.
In the '80s, in communist Eastern Germany, if you had a writing machine should register it in the government.
I had to register a piece of text text with the machine.
And this so that the government could track the origin of the texts.
If you found a writing with the right message you could track the footprint up to the origin of the idea.
In the West, we didn't know that someone could do this, how much this would limit the freedom of expression.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a laser color printer from any big manufacturer of any big manufacturer and print a page, that page will end up having some yellow points printed on every page that follow a pattern that makes them own and your printer.
That's happening today.
And nobody seems to be ready for this.
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us, citizens.
And it's one of the three main causes of problems on the network.
If you look at what happens in the online world, we can catch the attacks according to its attacks.
There are three main groups.
So the cybercriminals are.
Like Mr. Group College from the city of Kie, in Ukraine.
The mobile phone is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use the cyberattacks to earn a lot of money, huge numbers.
There are really many cases of online millions, military, which made money with their attacks.
This is Vinci Teston, from Arabic, Technology.
This is Alfred Google.
This is Stephen Alice.
This is Virgin Pannet.
These are Matthew Anderson -- Harry Hans, etc., etc., etc.
These guys make their online online online, but they do it by illegal media through banking distributions to steal money from our accounts when we buy online, or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we buy a infected computer.
The secret service of the United States, two months ago, freeze the Swiss account of this guy, Sam Japan, and this account had 44 million dollars when he was frozen with her.
Mr. Japanese and head is called the paradox.
And I say that today is more likely than any of us are victims of a crime than a real crime.
And it's very obvious that this is bad at worse.
In the future, most crimes will happen online.
The second group of attention in importance we see today is not motivated by money.
There's another thing that moves, they motivate them the protests, they motivate them the violences, they motivate them the laughter.
Maris like Anonymous have been described in the last 12 months, occupying a paper in the online attacks.
Those are the three main attentions -- the criminals that do it for money, the activists like Anonymous who do it to protest and the last group are the national states that are actually accepted.
And then we see cases like Disks.
That's a good example of government attack against its own citizens.
To decide is a restoration authority of the Netherlands, or actually, it was.
He declared the war the last fall, because of a supercomputer.
They stopped the safety of the site and they pasted a card.
Last week, I asked in a meeting with the Dutch government, asked one of the leaders if they were able to get the death of people out of the attack to Digging.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how do people die from a attack of these?
Discovering is a certified authority.
They sell reduced.
Why do you serve the records?
Well, you need if you have a website with you, services encrypted synthetic services, services like Gilliant.
Except that they will intercept a foreign deep authority.
And that they imitate a certified contractor.
And in the case of Digging was exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened, for example, in Egypt.
Well, in Egypt the protesters took out the headquarters of the secret agenda in April 2011, and during the course of the building, they found a lot of papers.
Among those papers was this piece of pattern called "the Protection state.
And inside that folder there were notes of a firm company in Germany that had sold the government Egyptian tools to intercept large-scale communications communications in the country.
They had sold this tool for 2,000 euros to the Egyptian government.
The headquarters of the company is right here.
I mean, Western governments provide tools to totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens.
But Western governments also do this themselves.
For example, in Germany, just a couple of weeks ago we found the Natural Sandy store, a store used by official government officials to investigate their own citizens.
If you are suspicious in a good criminal case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is interested.
But today it goes further.
The Internet connection is interested.
They will use even tools like the Sandy sand to infect our computer with a narrative to allow them to see all the communication, and listen to the online discussions to get our data.
When we think about things like this obvious answer should be "Well, it seems bad, but I don't really affect myself because I'm a honest citizen.
Why would you care?
I have nothing to hide.
And that argument doesn't make sense.
It's in the game of privacy.
The privacy is not arguing about.
It's not a question of privacy against security.
It's about freedom against control.
If we could trust our governments today in 2011, any right right now that we get today to be forever.
Are we going to be anything in any future government, in a administration that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that have to worry about the next 50 years.
This is where I live. I live in Kenya, in the South National Park.
These are the cows of my dad in the background, and behind the cow, the National National Park.
The National National Park does not have close in most of the south, which means that wild animals like planets migrate freely outside the park.
And predators, like the lions. They follow them, and this is what they do.
They kill our cattle.
This is one of the ones that killed at night, and so soon we stood up in the morning, and we found it dead I felt very bad because it was the only stream we had.
My community, the masses, we believe that we came from the sky with our animals and all the land to get them, and that's why we value them so much.
So I grew up doing a lot of the lions.
The dying are warriors that protect our community and livestock and they're also upset with the problem.
So they kill lions.
This is one of the six lions that killed in Nairobi.
I think this is why there's so few in the National Park.
A child in my community, six to nine years old, is responsible for the livestock of his father, and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought the lions would give me fear.
But I realized that this really didn't serve it, because it even helped lions to see the state of far.
I didn't give up. I didn't give up.
A second idea was to use a pressures.
He tried to deceive lions to believe that it was near the state.
But the lions are very smart.  They came the first day and they saw the pressures, and they were, but the second day, they came back and said, this thing is not moving -- it's always here.  So they jumped and they killed animals.
So one night I was walking around the stable with a torch and the lions didn't come.
I discovered that lions are afraid of light that moves down.
So I had an idea.
And I got a switch with the one that I would understand and turn out the lights.
And this is a small lamp of a broken flashlight.
It took everything.
As you can see, the solar panel load the battery and the battery supply the electricity to the small Indian box, I call it a transformation.
And the Indian box makes the lights out.
As you can see, the light bulb goes out, because that's where the lions come from.
And that's what lions see when they come from night.
The lights go down and send the lions to think that I'm walking through the station, but I'm sleeping in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never had trouble with lions.
And the homes of the neighborhood heard the idea.
One is from this grandmother.
She had killed her many animals and asked me if I could put the lights down.
I said yes.
I put them. You can see the background, these are the lights for lions.
Since then, I've installed them in seven houses in my community, and they're serving a lot.
And my idea is also used by all of Kenya, to scare other predators as tasks, leopards and also being used to hold elephants from the farms.
Thanks to this invention I was fortunate to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya, Christian International Berkeley, and I'm very excited.
My new school now is helping to raise funds and consciousness.
I even took my friends to my community and we installed lights in the houses that don't have them, and I teach them how to put them.
So a year ago, I was just a child in the baby squares by taking my father out of my father, and I used to see airplanes fly, and he told me that someday would be inside one.
And here I am.
I got the opportunity to come in airplane for the first time to TED.
My great dream is to become an engineering engineer and a pilot when I grew up.
I used to hate the lions -- but now as my invention is saving the cows of my dad and the lions, we can be with lions without any conflict.
All right. What in my tongue means, thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting it is to listen to a story like yours.
So you get a bank. Richard "Train: Yes.
CA: You're working on other electrical inventions.
What's the next one in your list?
RP: My next invention -- I want to make an electric fence -- CA: A close access?
RB: I know you invented the electric close, but I want to do mine.
CA: So you try it once, right? Right. RB: I've tried it before, but I stopped because I got a carbon.  CA: At the heart of the Canyon. Richard Russia, you're a big thing.
We're going to encourage every step that two, friend me.
Thank you very much. RL: Thank you very much.
When I was little, I thought my country was the best of the planet.
And I grew up singing a song called "No "got "needed."
And I felt very proud.
In school, we spent all the time studying the story of Kim Magain, but we never learned much from the rest of the world, except that America, South Korea, Japan are the enemies.
But sometimes I was wondering about the rest of the world, I thought I would spend all my life in North Korea, until everything changed suddenly changed.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public drive.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family was not poor and I had never gone hungry.
But one day, in 1995, my mom brought home a letter of the colleague of my sister.
That said, "When you read this, the five members of the family will stop in this world, because we haven't eaten in the two weeks past.
We're busy together on the floor, and our bodies are so weak that we're prepared to die."
I was very quiet.
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country.
At a time, when I walked in front of the train station, I saw something terrible that I can't erase my memory.
A homeless woman was dead on the street, holding a kid climb in his arms looking at his mother's face without being able to do anything.
Nobody helped them, because they were very concerned about caring themselves and their families.
A huge hunger in North Korea in the middle of the '90s.
At the end, over a million Africans died during famine and only few of them survived eating grass, insects and tree cortex.
They also became more and more frequently the energy bills, all around me was completely dark at night except by the lights of the sea in China, barely crossing the river from my house.
I always wondered why they had light and we don't.
This is a satellite picture of North Korea at night compared to neighboring countries.
This is the Green River, which is the limit between North Korea and China.
As you can see, the river can be very integrated at certain points, allowing Koreans to cross very much.
But many people die.
Sometimes, I saw bodies floating in the river.
I can't reveal the details of how I came out of North Korea, but I can only say that during the years of hunger, I was sent to China to live with distant patients.
But I just thought I'd be separated from my family for short time.
I could never have imagined that I would take 14 years to live together.
In China, it was difficult to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea what life would be like an African refugee.
But soon I learned that it's not just extremely difficult, but also dangerous because the Korean refugees in China were considered illegal immigrants in China.
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed, and it would be a repeated destination.
One day, my worst nightmare became reality, when I was arrested by the Chinese police and was spreading in the police station.
Someone had been accused for being Korea, then I looked at my skills in the Chinese language, and they asked me a lot of questions.
I was terrified.
I thought my heart was going to explode.
If it didn't look natural, it could be incarcerated and defecting.
I thought my life was going to end.
But I managed to control my emotions and answered the questions.
At the end of the instruction an officer told another, "This was a fake report -- she's not rural."
And they let me go. It was a miracle.
Some people in China look for asylum in foreign markets.
But many of them may be arrested by the Chinese police and details.
These women had a lot of luck.
Though they had caught them, they were eventually released after a harsh international pressure.
These guys were not so lucky.
Every year, countless arms are captured in China and arrested North Korea, where they're tortured or imprisoned or executed in public.
Even though I was lucky in climbing up, many other people have not been so lucky.
It's tragic that the Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard just to survive.
Even after learning a new language and finding work, all of their world can be burned in a second.
That's why after 10 years of hiding my identity, I decided to hold me going to South Korea.
And I started a new life again.
In South Korea was a much larger challenge than I expected.
English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
I also understood that there was a big gap between North and South America.
We're all Koreans, but inside, we've come to be very different because of 67 years of divide.
Even a crisis of identity.
Am I a creature or a refuge?
Where am I? Who am I?
Suddenly, there was no country that I could call with pride myself.
Although I leave life in South Korea wasn't easy, I did a plan. I started studying for the research exam to college.
Just when I started to adapt to my new life, I got a call called.
North Korea authorities were able to put some money that sent my family, and as a punishment -- my family was going to be displaced to force to a location outside the outside.
They had to go immediately.
I started planning how to help them escape.
The Koreans have to travel long distances on the way to freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea.
So, ironically, I took a flight to China and I walked into the border with North Korea.
Since my family couldn't speak Chinese, I had to guide them, somehow for more than 3,000 miles across China and then through Southeast Asia.
The bus trip took a week, and we were almost caught several times.
Once, our bus was stopped and addressed by an official of the Chinese police officer.
He asked the identification of all of us, and started asking you questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When the Chinese officer came up to my family, I was just standing up and said that they were deaf people who were comparing.
I looked at me, but fortunately he believed me.
We did all the way to the frontier of Latin.
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe the border guards in Ladies.
But even after the border, my family was arrested and imprisoned by crossing the border interface.
After paying music and sounds, my family was released.
But the time, my family was arrested and incarcerated again in the capital of Latin.
This was one of the lowest dots in my life.
I did everything to release my family, and we were so close, but my family was held in prison prison from the South Korea pregnant of South Korea.
I was going and came between the immigration office and the police station, desperately trying to release my family.
But I didn't have enough money to pay more bribe or mass.
I lost hope.
At that time, or the voice of a man asking me, "What is the problem?"
I was so surprised that a stranger would mind a question.
With my poor English and with a dictionary, I explained the situation, and no doubt, the man went to the ATM and gave me the rest of money for my family and for another two Koreans, and to get them out of prison.
I thank him with all my heart, and I asked him, "Why do you help me address?"
"I'm not helping you, he told me.
"I'm helping the Korean people.
I realized that that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The unknown blood symbolizes a new hope for me and for the Korean people when we needed it.
And I showed you that the kindness of the unknown and the support of the international community are really the hope rays that the Korean people need.
Over time, after our long journey, my family and I came together in South Korea.
But achieving its freedom is only half the battle.
Many people are separated from their families and when they started a new country, they start with little or no money.
So we can benefit from the international community with education, practical language practices, working jobs, and more.
We can also act as a bridge between people inside North Korea and the rest of the world.
Because many of us continue in contact with families still inside, and we send information and money that is helping to change North Korea from within.
I've been very lucky, I have received a lot of help and inspiration in my life, so I want to help people an opportunity to thrive international support.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more North Korea going around the world, including the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in South America.
This is London Subarly, the textbooks stores, fast food, launched terrain.
So the city planners came together and thought, we're going to change the South Central name to represent something else, so they changed it to Los Angeles South as if this would fix what is actually wrong in the city.
This is the Angelessing Therapares.  You have film stores, fast food, launched terrain.
Just like 65 million other Americans, living in a food desert, the Los Angeles Center -- home of food sites to take and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that the food sites to take kill more people than the food in the car.
People are dying from nuclear diseases in Los Angeles Central Seat.
For example, the rate of obesity in my neighborhood is five times larger than say, Beverly Bolum, which is about 15 miles away.
I'm tired of seeing this happen.
And I wonder, how would you feel if they didn't have access to healthy food, and if every time they go home you see the damaging effects that the current food system has in their record?
I see chairs of wheels bought and sold as used cars.
I see centers of dinners which are soft as Stars.
And I think this must stop.
I think the problem is the solution.
Food is the problem, and it's the solution.
In addition to driving 45 minutes of outward and back to buy an apple that doesn't have prospective.
What I did, I was planting a food forest in front of my house.
In a line of land that we call a career.
It's 45 x x three feet.
The point is, it belongs to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said, "Well, I can do what I'm coming in in win, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it."
This is how I decided to keep it.
So my group and I, Law. Green Green, we got together and we started planting our food forest tree, brutal trees, you know, nine complete vegetables.
What we do, we are a kind of a group paid by application of all the conditions, all over the city and completely volunteers, and everything we do is free.
And the garden was beautiful.
Then someone complained out.
And the city stood up to me and in summary, gave me a quote by saying that I had to remove my garden, the paper became a legal order.
And I said, "Come on, really?
A court order to plant food on a piece of land that no one matters?  So it was like, "Well, let's get it."
Because this time it wasn't going to happen.
Long. Times had the story written by Steve Port, and I talked to the commercial and one of the members of Green Green, who put a petition in Congress, with 900 signatures we were successful.
We had the victory in our hands.
My goal was even called to say that they would go out and loved what we were doing.
I mean, let's go, why not?
Lause is the city of America with more hot land.
It has 68 miles of dead terrain.
That equals 20 Central Park."
That's enough space to plant 75 million plants.
Why does it do not like this?
It's going to grow a plant to give a thousand thousand couples.
When a dollar of talks will give you 75 dollars of output.
It's my HIV, when I tell people, cultivating your own food.
Growing your own food is like printing your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for Central Seat.
I grew up there. I grew my kids there.
I refused to be part of this manufacturing reality that was manufacturing for me for others, and I'm going to manufacturing my own reality.
You see, I'm an artist.
The gardening is my graffiti -- I grow my art.
Just like an artist of graffiti -- which I drink walls, I drink soil, paintings.
I use the garden, the land, like a piece of canvas, and the plants and the trees and the trees, are my exception of that canvas.
You'd be surprised to see what the land can do, if they let it be your canvas.
You simply can't imagine how amazing a virus and how it affects people.
What happened?
I'm a witness of how my garden.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of the land.
We are the land.
They would be surprised to see how kids affect the kids.
The gardening, the most productive and productive act you can do, especially in a tree.
Also, they get prospects.
I remember a occasion, which came up with a mother and his daughter, they were like 10 of the night and they were in my garden. I went out and looked very low.
I, well, man, I felt bad that they were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this like this.
This is on the street for a reason.
I felt shame when I saw people who were so close to me with hunger, and this just reinforces why I do this, people ask me, "Well, don't you fear that people will steal your food?
I say, "Oh my God, I'm not afraid you're going to steal it."
So that's in the street.
That's what it's about.
I want you to take it, but in turn, I want you to take your health."
There was another time that I put a garden in a shelter in downtown Los Angeles.
They were these guys, who helped me to download the truck.
It was fabulous. I was shared by their stories about how it had affected them and how they used to plant with their mom and their grandmother, and it was fabulous to see how this changed them, so it was just for a moment.
So Green Ground has come to plant maybe 20 cards.
We've had, like about 50 people who come from, work and participate, all in voluntary plan.
If kids grow color, kids eat C.
If you grow tomatoes -- you eat tomatoes --  But if none of this is taught if you don't teach them how food affects the mind and the body, you eat blind people what you put them in.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing that you're stuck. I see color kids who are in this path designed for them, which doesn't take them nowhere.
With the gardening, I see an opportunity in which we can train these kids who are getting rid of their communities to have sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
Perhaps the next George Washington Circular.
But if we don't change the composition of the land, we will never do it.
Now this is one of my plans -- this is something I want to do.
I want to plant a whole block of gardens, where people can share food on the same picture.
I want to take container and convert them into healthy care.
Don't get me.
I'm not talking about free things, because free is not sustainable.
The curious thing about sustainability, is that you have to hold it.
What I'm talking about is to put people out of the street, take the kids out of the street, who know the joy, the pride and the honor of growing their own food, opening farmers' markets.
What I want to do here, we have to do it sexy.
I want them all to become revolutionary regions, anger, breaking parasites.
We have to change the script of what is a graduate.
If you're not a career care, you're not a graduate.
What are you going to show them to take their word back?
That that is your choice.
In sum if you want to meet me, well, if you want to see me, don't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about doing some memories, to talk about doing some shit.
If you want to see me, you come to the garden with your sticks so that we can plant something.
peace. Thank you.
Thank you.
(Man --  -- on the microscope.  You probably all agree with me that this is a very nice road.
It's made of resident, and the asphalt is a good material to drive, but not always, especially not in days like today, where it rains a lot.
You can have a lot of water in the asphalt that I saved.
And especially if you go into your bike and these cars go by, that's not very nice.
Also, the asphalt can make a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material, and if we build roads, like the Netherlands, very close to cities, we want a silent road.
The solution for that is to do paralyzed saddless.
The passionate stress, a material that we use now in most of the roads of the Netherlands, has pores and water can pass through it, so all the rainwater water will flow to the sides and have a road that it's easy to drive, and they won't save water anymore.
The noise will also disappear in these pores too.
Because it's very gaps, all the noise will disappear -- so it's a very silent road.
It also has supports, of course, and the downside of this road is that you can get rid of it.
What is it to get? You see that in this road the stones on the surface are coming out.
First one stone, then a number of more and more and more, etc., and then -- well, I won't do that.  But they can give you your services, and you're not happy with that.
And finally, this can also lead to more and more days.
Sometimes you can create bumps with that.
Oh, it's ready.
Charles, of course, you can become a problem, but we have a solution.
So here you can actually see how damage looks like in this material.
It's a porous, like I said, so it only has a small amount of advertising between the stones.
Because of the international, to the United States, to the restoration, this blank, this black, the glue between the networks, will pick up, and if you choose, you will become microbial and she will separate from the adults.
So, if you drive through the road, you get the inputs -- as we saw here.
To solve this problem, we think about autonomous materials.
If we can make this material apart, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is use steel wool -- that to clean up, and we can cut the steel banana into very small chunks, and we can mix those little bits with the button.
So we have asphalt with little bits of steel banana in it.
Then you need a machine, like the one you see here, that you use to cook -- a marketing machine.
The injection can heat up, especially steel is very good at that.
So what you have to do is heat the steel, melt the button, the button flow through these microphones and the stones are going back to the surface.
I used a microwave oven, because I can't bring the great machine back here to the stage.
The microwave oven is a similar system.
I put the sample, which I'm going to take to see what happened.
This is the sample that comes out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
We tried a lot of samples there, and then the government, they really saw our results, and they thought, "Well, that's really interesting. We have to try it."
So they gave us a piece of career, 400 meters from the 1970s automatically, where we had to do a test lane to test this material.
So that's what we did there. You see where we were doing the test test, and then, of course, this road will last several years without any damage. That's what we know about practice.
We took a lot of samples from this road, and we tested them in the lab.
We made the sample, we put a lot of burden in them, we repair them with our driving machine and we repair them and we would test them.
We can repeat this many times.
Well, to conclude, I can say that we have made a material using steel fibers by incorporating these fibers, using the energy energy to actually increase the life of the surface of the road, even you can actually double the life of the surface. It really will save a lot of money with very simple tricks.
And now, of course, they are curious about whether it worked too.
We still have the sample here. It's pretty hot.
You have to really cool before you can show you how to show the repair act.
But I'm going to do a try.
Let's see. Yes, it worked.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember having woken up a morning with the sound sound in my house.
My father was listening to BBC, in his little gray radio radio.
He had a big smile in his face that was unusual at those times, because the news usually reflected it.
"The Taliban was "going to be "going to be "going to be "going to be there -- I yelled my father.
I didn't know what it meant, but I could see my father was very, very happy.
"Now you can go to a real school, he said.
A morning.
True school.
You see, I was six years old when the Taliban came up from Afghanistan and made illegal girls to go to school.
For the next five years, I was dressed as a child to escort my older sister, who could no longer be alone outside, to go to a secret school.
It was the only way we could both educate them.
Every day, we took a different route so nobody could suspect where we were.
We had to hide the books in market bags so that we were shopping.
The school was in a house, over 100 of us appropriate in a small room.
It was nice in the winter but extremely calm in summer.
We all knew that we had our lives, the teacher, the students and our parents.
Every once in a while, school would be closed by a week, because the Taliban supported.
We always wondered what they knew about us.
Were they following us?
Did you know where we live?
We were attractive, but still, the school was where we wanted to be.
I was very fortunate to grow in a family where education was appreciated and the daughters a text.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time.
A total context of a remote province of Afghanistan -- insisted in that his daughter, my mother, went to school, and so his father bought it.
But my educated mother became a teacher.
This is her.
It will go back two years ago, just to turn our home home for girls and women of our neighborhood.
And my father, this is, was the first of all his family in getting education.
There was no doubt that his children had to receive education, even their daughters, despite the Taliban.
For him, there was a bigger risk not to educate his children.
During the years of the Taliban, I remember there were times when I was very frustrated by our life, and I was always scared and I didn't see a future.
I wanted to quit, but my father said, "Hey, daughter me, you can lose everything you have in life.
You can steal your money. You can force your house for a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with you, which is here and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we'll do.
So do you still want not to go?"
I'm 22 years old.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war.
Less than six percent of the women in my age have more than the mountain, and if my family hadn't been so committed to my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I find myself here proud to graduate in Marcold College here.
When I returned to Afghanistan, my grandfather, the one who was involved from his home to educate his daughters, was one of the first ones in between.
He doesn't just get rid of my college degree, but also that I was the first woman, and I'm the first woman, who I carry it through the streets of Kabul.
My family believes in me.
I dream big, but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I'm the global embarrass of 101, a global campaign to educate women.
It's why I cofounded "The "The principle of the first and the only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country where it's still risky for girls to go to school.
The exciting thing is that I see students in my school with the strong desire to leverage the opportunity.
And I see his parents and their families who, like mine, advocating for them, despite and even faced a restorative opposition.
Like Hawking. It's not his true name, and I can't show you his face, but Ahmed is the father of one of my students.
Less than a month, he and his daughter was going on the road from "Manhattan to his village, and literally they escaped to be killed by a pump on the road, for minutes.
When you get to his house, they are the phone, a voice warned him that if he kept sending his daughter to school, they would be able to try.
"I said, "I'm like, "I don't give the future of my daughter for his old and secure ideas."
What I've noticed about Afghanistan, and it's something that is often forgotten in the West, is that behind most of those we grow, there's a father who recognized the value of his daughter and see that the success of her own success.
It doesn't mean our mothers have been key in our success.
In fact, often are the first compelling interfaces of the brilliant future of their daughters, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under the Taliban. The girls who went to school count in hundreds of hundreds -- remember, it was illegal.
But today, over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in America.
I find that Americans see the fragility of change.
I fear that these changes don't last much, after the retirement of the United States.
But when I come back to Afghanistan, when I see students in my school and their parents who advocate for them, that animate them, I see a future future and a lasting shift.
To me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and possibilities and every single girls of Mountains remind me.
Like me, they dream big.
Thank you.
I've never forgotten my words from my grandmother who died in the excellence, "Oh, response to Leonardo. fight him.
But you never become a processed plant for "the "starting station.
They have spent almost two years since it was the Libya revolution inspired by the more massive movements of mass revolution as much as the Egyptian revolution.
A forces with many other liberal citizens, in and out of the country to call a day of rage and start a revolution against the favorite regime of Rome.
And we succeeded. It was a big revolution.
Women and men young books were in the blood, demanding the fall of the regime, carrying for freedom of freedom, dignity and social justice.
They have shown a value to face the devastating brutal of Roos.
They have shown a big sense of solidarity from the Far East, to the west, to the south.
Finally, after a period of six months of brutal war and some losses of about 50,000 dead, we managed to liberate our country and overthrowing the summer.
However, Gaddafi left a heavy couple, a legal legacy of increase, corruption and altitude.
For four decades, the damage regime of December destroyed infrastructure, the culture and the moral structure of free society.
conscious of the devastation and the challenges, I've wanted, next to many other women, rebuild civil civil society, demanding an inclusive transition and fair towards democracy and national reconciliation.
They were established about 200 organizations in Ven in the top, and immediately after the fall of Legas. About 300 in Elizabeth.
After a age of 33 years, I went back to Libya and with a unique enthusiasm I started organizing workshops about development development and leadership skills.
With an amazing group of women, we founded the German Women Computer, a movement of women, leaders, very diverse orientation, to advocate for the political autonomy of women and for our right participation right in building democracy and peace.
I found myself with a very difficult environment in the electronic period -- an environment that was increasingly put out of the political policies of disability and excuses.
Over time, our initiative was tested and successful.
Women won a 175 percent of the National Congress in the early elections in 52 years.
However, little bit of the election of elections and revolution as a whole, they were disappearing -- every day we found news news.
One day we woke up with the news of ancient mosques and Sufi tubes.
Another day he threatened with the news of the American ambassador and the car attack.
Another day we woke up with the news of the murder of the army officer.
And every day, every day we wake up with the government of the magic and their continents of human rights human rights and their lack of respect from law.
Our society, made by a revolutionary mindset, is pushed longer, and it's gone away from ideals and principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, that we had at the beginning.
The intelligence, the resource and the revenge.
I'm not here today to inspire them with our story of the success of the "little "cultural list and the elections.
All right, I'm here today to confess that we, as a nation, we choose evil, we make the wrong decision.
We don't prioritize well.
Because elections didn't bring peace and stability and security to Libya.
The high list and the radiation between candidates and candidates brought peace and national revolution?
No, they didn't.
What happened then?
Why is our society still property and dominated with selfish policies of distribution and excuses, both for men as by women?
Perhaps what failed was not just women, but the female values of compassion, medicine and inclusion of compassion.
Our society needs national dialogue and the creation of consensus more than what the choices needed to do, which only replicated polarization and division alone.
Our nation needs the qualitative presence of the feminine more than to need the insight and quantitative representation of it.
We need to stop acting as agents of outrage, and call days of anger.
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and medicine.
We have to develop a female address, which not only honors, but also put in practice in the service instead of the revenge.
These are the ideals that a Libya, shattered by war, desperately needs to be able to reach peace.
Because peace has a car that is about infection and the interconnectedness between female and male perspectives.
That's the real crisis.
We need to establish that in a existential way before we do it in a political way.
According to a Color Congress calculator -- "It's the word of the missing God, "I started compassion."
At the same time, the word "The "The word "The "Art: which is known in all the arms decline, it has the same root in Arabic that the word Alexander -- symbolizes the female and massive, which is going to be all the humanity that men and women, that all tribes and all people have signed.
And so, just like the uterus covers the embryo, which grows inside, the divine matrix of the compassion all the existence.
This is how we tell us, "My microscope is all the things."
This is what he tells us, "My microscope grows over my anger.
All of you are given the grace of mercy.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about an immediate question, which has an equally immediate answer.
It's about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to talk about is the one that everybody is doing always, why is she left?
Why was anyone going to stay with a man who pays him to it?
I'm not a psychiatrist, no social worker, no matter in domestic violence.
I'm just a woman with a story to tell.
I was 22 years old. I had just been involved at Harvard University.
I had moved to New York for my first job as a writer and editor in the magazine magazine.
I had my first apartment. My first green scarform American School, and I had a very big secret.
My secret was that many, many times, the man, that I created my twin soul, I was pointed to the head with a gun.
The man, as I loved more than anyone in this world, put a gun on my head and threatened to kill me more times than I can remember.
I'm here to tell you the story of Lexiol "Mark" -- a psychological trick, display of love, where they fall every year millions of women, and even some men.
Until it could be his story.
I don't look like a typical survivor of domestic violence.
I'm a Ph.D. at Harvard University at Harvard and I have a MBA at Sharps at Latin Business School.
I've spent most of my career working for companies of the list "Coloration 500,000 -- between them Johnson & Johnson, Leo Barbie and The Washington Design.
I take almost 20 years old with my second husband and we have three children.
My dog is a black stream and driving a Monday Hong Man.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone, all races, all religions and education levels and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women, which is a problem of women.
Not exactly.
Over 85 percent of the metaphors are men, and the domestic abuse only happens in intimate relationships, irrespective and long duration or saying otherwise, in families, the last place where we want or hope to find violence -- reasons that domestic abuse turns out to be so disappointing.
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that would stay with a man who pays him, and in fact I was a very typical victim because of my age.
I was 22 years old, and in the United States women between 16 and 24 years old have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than the other ages, and over 500 women and girls who are killed every year for couples and navigating and abusive markets in the United States.
I also was a typical victim, because I knew nothing about domestic violence, their warning signals or their patterns.
I met Congo in a cold and rainy night night.
I was sitting on my side in New York City and started to roll with me.
He told me two things.
The first one was that he also had just been released from a university of the Royal Sage and he worked in a very important bank of Wall Street.
But what struck me most about that first encounter was that it was ready and fun, and that it seemed a field of the field.
He had big chapters like apples and a hair gravity triangle, and it seemed so sweet.
One of the smartest things that I concerned from the beginning was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the partner.
He did it all over the beginning, putting on a parade.
We started coming out and loved all of me -- that I was ready, that I had gone to Harvard -- that I had a passion to help girls teenage girls, and my work.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my childhood, my dreams and illusions.
Consider believed in me, as a writer and as a woman, as nobody had done before.
And it was why the script in that prestigious school and work on Wall Street and his bright future had so much relevance for him.
I didn't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence is to select and make the victim.
And I didn't know that the second step is to isolate it.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was to go from New York and leave the work of my dreams, but I thought I had to do sacrifices for your partner, so I accepted my work and I met and I went together with Manhattan together.
I had no idea that he was falling in a "Lease "document: which was coming out of head in a physical, financial and psychological screw, carefully supported.
The next step in the domestic violence pattern is to introduce the threat of violence to see how she reacts to.
And this is where they go into stage that stars.
As soon as we moved to New England you know, that site where I was supposed to have concerned that I had to feel so safe to be bought three shoots.
He had it in the car coast.
Another one would keep it under the pillow in our bed and the third always in his pocket.
And he said that I needed those stores because of the trauma that lived from a little bit.
I needed them to feel safe.
But those collectives actually were a message for me, and even though I never raised my hand, my life was already in danger, every minute of every day.
The first physical attack of Congo happened five days before our wedding.
They were seven in the morning and still had the standard.
Five days later, when the 10 drivers of my neck had disappeared, I put my mother's wedding suit and married me with him.
Despite what he had happened, I was sure we lived happily forever, because I loved her, and he also wanted a lot.
And I was very, very surprising.
It just had felt very coordinated by the wedding and for the fact that a family with me.
I had been a isolated accident, and I would never make any more.
I spent twice as much as our honey moon.
The first time I was driving into a secret beach and lost me, and he gave me so strong in the head that I had several times against the color of the car.
And then, a couple of days later, driving back from our skin moon, it took up by the traffic and gave me a Big Mac cold to the face.
Consider continued to sell one or two times a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One of three American women is victims of domestic violence or attention at some point in their life, and the Center of Disease is reported that every year 15 million children are fast, 15 million.
So, actually, I had very good company.
Go back to my question: Why did I get me?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know he was abusing me.
Instead, I was a very strong woman, fell in love with a deeply arranged man, and it was the only person in the world who could help Congo tackle their finance.
The other question everybody does is: Why don't you just get away?
Why didn't I go? I could have gone at any time.
So for me this is the most sad and painful question that people do, because we, the victims, we know something that you normally reach, it's incredibly dangerous to abandon a match.
Because the last phase in the domestic violence pattern is to kill it.
More than 70 percent of the murder in cases of domestic violence happen after the victim has put end to the relationship, after they go, because then the search has nothing to lose.
Other respects include the permanent attack, even after the abuse has become married, defenders of financial resources, and manipulation of the family system to land to the victim and their children, who normally are forced by judges to spend time not supported with the man who paid their mother.
And yet we keep asking why it's simply not going on?
I was able to go to me, because of a last medical office that I saw my denial.
I realized that the man who loved so much, I would have killed me if he had allowed him to.
So I broke the silence.
I told everybody all over the world: to the police, my neighbors, my friends and relatives, to all of the unknown, and I'm here today because everyone helped me.
We have the tendency to protect victims as a specific strangers, complex women, damaged goods.
The question, "Why is it left?
For some people is a way to say, "The blame is your problem for staying for us," as if we choose to be able to enable you to intentionally fall from men who want to destroy us.
But since I published "Leading "makers" -- I've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who also spook, who learned a proud lesson of what happened to them and give them their lives and failed lives and happy lives like employees, wives, and mothers, life completely free of violence like mine.
Because it turns out that I'm actually a victim and a very typical domestic violence survivor.
I went back to marry a man and a nice man and we have these three children.
I have that black barrier, and also that minimum.
What I'm not going to do is have ever more, and it's a colored passenger pointing to my head in hands of someone who says I want.
Right now, as you're thinking, "Hey, that's amazing -- or "Hawk, what stupid started is -- but all this time, I've actually been talking about you.
I assure you that there are a few people who are listening to me right now, who are being abused or that they were being abused to be self-directed themselves.
The evil could be affecting his daughter, his sister, to his best friend right now.
I was able to put my crazy love to my particular love breaking the silence.
And I keep doing it today.
It's my way to help other victims, and it's my last request to you.
Talk about what you've heard here.
The abuse is just beating in silence.
They have the power to end domestic violence simply throwing light on it.
victims, we need everybody.
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
Keep the evil into the light talking about it with his children, their job workers, their friends and family.
Take their vision of survivors as fantastic and lovely people who have a full future.
They recognize the early signs of violence to intervene consciously to slow their scale and show the victims a safe room.
Together, we can turn our beds, our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful sandwiches that should be.
Thank you.
Hello. My name is Cameron College, and for a while, I'm a model.
To be precise, for 10 years ago.
And I feel that right now, there's an uncomfortable tension in the room because it shouldn't have been dressed like this.  Luckily, I've brought clothes to change it.
This is the first change of clothes on a TED stage, so you have a lot of luck to do it, I think.
If some of the women were horrified when I showed up, they don't have to tell me now, but I'll find it later on Twitter.
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what you think about me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These reactions are very uncomfortable -- less bad than I don't have to use them.
The worst part is to pass this sweater through the head, because it's when you're going to laugh at me, so you don't do anything while I cover your head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been embarrassing.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
The appearance is powerful, but also surface.
I have completely changed what they thought about me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a boyfriend in real life.
I was totally uncomfortable, and the photographer told me that he would take the back and would take the hair of the child.
Of course, except with surgery or a artificial display like the one that I did two days ago for work, there's very little we can do to transform our aspect -- which, even though neighborhood and invisible, has a huge impact in our lives.
So today, to me, being brave means being honest.
I'm on this stage because I'm a model.
Because I'm a nice, white woman, and in my workforce, that's being a sexy girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people always do, but it would be serious.
The first question is, how does it get to be?
And I always say, a Taliban discovered, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason I made a model is because they won the genetic lottery. And I'm the benefit of a heritage and maybe you're wondering what this heritage is.
Well, in the last few centuries we have not only defined beauty as healthy, and sexual and symmetry -- which we are biologically programmed to admire -- we also associate it to a high and healthy shape, to security and a white skin.
And that's my heritage that I have known to harness to make money.
And I know there are people in the audience who are now shown out, and maybe there are some lovers of the fashion that you say, Pene. There are Mondom, Sarah, Joan Simos, King London.
First of all, the happy for knowing so much of models. It's amazing.
But unfortunately, I have to report that in 2007, a Ph.D. student at the University of New York told all of them and every single model in the plant, and from the 17th-college models hired only 27 percent, they were not white.
The next question that people always do is: Could it be a model when it's up?"
And my first answer is: I don't know, I don't know.
But then, what I really would tell each of these girls is, why? You can be what you want.
You can be president of the United States, or the invention of the next Internet, or a reductional and poet, which would be awesome, because you would be the first one.
If after this spectacular list, you still insist in, no, no, honey, I want to be a model, then I say, "I know my boss, I know.
Because I am not in charge of anything, and you could be the reaction board of the American State magazine or the executive director of HIV, or next Steven Mellions.
To say that you want to be a model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you're larger.
It's out of your control, it's amazing, and it's not a job you can choose.
I'm going to show you all I learned in 10 years as a model, because unlike heart surgery, it can be summed right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Unfortunately, once you've already taken your studies, and you have a cure and some jobs to your backs, no matter what you say, if you say you want to be president of the United States, but your cure said, model of inner clothes for 10 years, people would look weird.
The next question that people always do is if all the photos are ready.
And yes, they're basically breaking all the pictures, but that's just a small part of what happens.
This was the first picture they took to me, and also the first time I used a child, and I didn't even have my period yet.
I know we're entering the personal ground, but it was a child.
So I put together my grandmother a few months earlier.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
Here I am in a piece of puzzle a few days before the photos for French Vanders.
Here I am with my football team and the magazine Viet.
And this is me today.
And I hope you realize that I'm not me in those photos.
They are creations of a group of professionals, blocks, mathematics, photographers and posters, and all of their antennas and property people and protection, and they can create this. That's not me.
Well, the next question that people always do is: Do you get free things?
I have too many tens of 20 and I never use, except the last couple but the privilege that I get are the ones I get in real life, and we don't like to talk about.
I grew up in Cambridge, and once I went to a shop and forgot about bringing money, and they gave me the free.
When I was a teenager, I was traveling with my friend who was a career profit, and it took a red red and of course stopped us, and he had a feeling -- agents to be able to drive on.
I enjoy these privileged privilege, not by what I am. And there are people who are paying a price for their way regardless of who they are.
I live in New York, and last year, from the 14,000 teenagers who were stopped and recorded. 160 percent were black and Latino and most of them were young men.
And there are only 174 young black and Latino 1840s in New York City, so for them, isn't it a question of me?
But how many times would you stop me? And how?
By researching for this talk, I learned that 93 percent of the 13-year-old girls in the United States don't like their body, and that number goes up to 78 percent at 17.
So the last question that people ask me is: How is life of a model?
And I think the answer you hope is, if you're a little bit thinner and you have the most bright hair, you feel very happy and great.
And behind the cameras, we give a response that maybe it looks like.
We say, "It's really wonderful to travel, and also incredible to be able to work with creative people, ingenuity and passionate people.
And all of that is true, but it's just one part of what happens, because what we never say in front of the cameras, what I never said in front of them, is: I'm a insecure.
And I'm because I have to worry about me every day.
And if you ever ask yourself, with a few more thin legs and the brightest hair, to be happier.
They just have to meet a group of models, because they have the most thin legs, the most bright hair and the more fashion clothes, but probably the most insecure women on the planet.
But most of it was hard to analyze a national and gender situation when I am one of the greatest benefits.
If there's something to retain from this talk, I hope you all feel more comfortable at recognizing the power of the image in the perception that we have from success and failure.
Thank you.
The photograph has been my passion since I was older enough to push a camera, but today I want to share with you my 15 most cherished photos -- and I didn't go out of it.
There were no artistic corrections, no stations, no opportunity to repeat photos -- not even a minimum care in the lighting.
In fact, most of them took them random barriers.
My story starts when I found myself in New York City to give a choice, my wife took me this picture holding my daughter on the day of his first birthday. That's the corner of the 57 and the five.
I gave the chance that we went back to New York right a year later, so we decided to take the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what comes now.
When the third birthday of my daughter was approaching me, my wife told me, "Why don't you take Superistra to New York in a doctor trip and you get the rational?
This is when we started asking the tourists that were going to take the picture.
It's amazing that the gesture of giving camera to a complete unknown is so universal.
No one has ever been denied and, fortunately, never anyone has ever been with the camera.
So we were not aware of how much life is going to change this journey.
It became something sacred for us.
This picture is a few weeks after 9/11, and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day so that a five-year-old could understand it.
These pictures are much more than representations of a concrete moment or a specific journey.
They're also a way to stop time in a week of October, and to make us reflect on our time and our evolution over the years, not just physical level, but in all the senses.
Because even though we always get the same picture, our perspective changes new stories, and I can see the life through your eyes and how to perceive and interact with everything.
That particular time that we spend together is something that we hope with illusion all year.
Recently, in one of the trips, we were walking, when suddenly he stopped in dry and pointed out a red theater of the team shops that he loved from small visits in previous visits before.
And I described what had felt at five years of foot in that same place.
I began to remember his heart water to see that place for the first time nine years ago.
And now what I look at in New York are universities, because it's determined to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we create is memories.
So I want to share the idea of engaging actively in the creation of conscious memories.
I don't know about you, but besides these 15 pictures, I don't go out in many of the familiar pictures.
I'm always the one that takes the picture.
Today I want to encourage you all to come up in the picture, and they don't help me close to somebody and ask yourself, "Did you take a picture of it?
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world.
The boats are in the most threatened birds.
First of all, why do they have so bad pressure?
It's also associated with Disney laughter as a member characters -- silly sensors, stupid characters.
More recently, if you've been following the real Kenyan press, applause and estimates these are the attributes that associate with the Kenyan Parliament -- but I don't accept.
I don't accept. You know why?
Because the parliament members don't keep the environment.  The articles don't help prevent the spread of disease.
They're just monitoring.   You're far away.  And my favorite, the boats have better presence.   There are two types of boats on this planet.
There are the chips of the New World who are primarily in the Americas, like the condoms and the cards, and the old World allies, where we have 16 species -- of these 16 -- 11 face face a high risk of extinction.
So why are the chips important? First, provide ecological ecological services, simplicity.
They're our natural trash rescues.
They clean the horns up to the bone.
They help kill all the bacteria. They help absorb the anthrax that they won't be for them and caused large loss of livestock and diseases in other animals.
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no boats, the carcasses take three to four times more time to describe, and this has huge reactions in the spread of disease.
The borders also have huge historical importance.
They've been associated with ancient Egyptian culture.
She was the symbol of the projector and the maternity and, along with the copper, they changed the unit between the High and the Sea County.
In the Hindu mythology India, Japanese was the God, and he risked his life to save the name of 10 heads of the Dead head of the Dead head.
In the Tibetan culture, a few very important inventors in open sky -- in places like Tibet -- there's no place to bury the dead, or wood to create them, so these boats provide a natural disposal system.
What's the problem with the airplanes?
We have eight species of artists in Kenya, which six are in extreme threatened threats.
The reason is that they're being embedded, and the reason they are being poisoned is because there are conflict between humans and fauna, the state communities use this venom against predators, and as a consequence, the backs are victims of this.
In Southern Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan, four species of artists are at the risk of endangered danger, which means that in less than 10 or 15 years, and the reason is because they fall pressure from the winning consumption that has been treated with an analog drug like the Platform.
This drug has been banned for veterinary use in India and have taken a posture.
Since there are no boats, there has been a spread in the number of street dogs in landfill, and when you have street dogs -- you have a huge array of time for rage -- the number of rage cases has increased enormously in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the largest wind parks in Africa, 33 defenses are going to be out of Lake California.
I'm not against wind power, but we have to work with governments, because the wind turbines do this to birds. They cut them in half.
They're birds of birds.
In Western Africa, there is a horrible trade of dead cats to serve the board and the toxic market.
So what is being doing? Well, we're looking at these birds. We're putting them into statistics.
We're trying to determine their basic ecology and see where they go.
We can see that they travel for different countries, so focusing on a problem that is not going to save anything.
We have to work with governments in the regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking to them about appreciating the boats, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and services that provide them.
How can you help? It can become active -- making noise. You can write a letter to your government and tell you, we have to focus on these very early creative creatures. Take their time to spread the word.
When you go out of this room, you'll report to the boats, but they talk to their families, with their children, with their neighbors on the borders.
They're very elegant -- Charles Darwin said that he changed from opinion because he saw them flying without effort, no energy spending in the heavens.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every single thing that I did, and all I do professionally. My life has been molecular for seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
Since 1974, up to 1977, I was young, but I'm not.  I worked in Zambia. Kenya, coast of Mars, Argentina and Somalia, in projects of technical cooperation with African countries.
I worked for an Italian NGO and every project that we established in Africa failed.
And I was afraid.
I thought, at the age of 21, that Italians were good people, and we were doing a good job in Africa.
Instead of that, everything we did was we stopped it.
Our first project, which inspired my first book, "The "American Berkeley was a project where an Italians decided to teach people from Zambia to grow food.
So we arrived with Italian seeds south of Zambia to this absolutely magnificent valley that descends towards the Moral River, and we teach local antibiotics to grow Italian tomatoes and collaborators, and ...
Of course, people were not at absolutely interested in doing that, so we paid them to come to work, and sometimes they didn't.  We were astonished that the local locals, in such fertile faith, had not had agriculture.
However, instead of asking you how it was possible that we didn't cultivate anything, we just said, "Thank God that we're here."  Just in time to save the people in Zambia.
And of course, everything in Africa is collected very much.
We got these magnificent taxiers. In Italy, a tomato would grow up to this size. In Zambia, this size.
And we couldn't believe it, we were saying to the changes, "Look what easy is gravity."
When the tomatoes were beautiful, mature and red, at night in the morning, about 200 percent of the night from the river and ate everything.  And we said to the changes, "Oh my God, the breakthroughs ...
And the change said, "Yes, that's why we don't have agriculture here."  "Why didn't you say that? I never asked you."
I thought we just Italians were going to commit errors in Africa, but then I saw what Americans did, what the Americans did, what the French did, and then to see what they were doing, I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia.
Because, as you see, at least we feed the opinions.
You should see the designers.  You should see the waste that we give to the trust people in Africa.
He wants to read a book, read "Man More of March Moshing, economic economics.
The book was published in 2009.
We, Western Western countries, we've delivered the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I'm not going to tell you the damage that money has caused it.
Just read your book.
Give him part of a African woman, the damage we've done.
The Westerners are an interdia, the conversations of compassion, and we treat people just two things: or we approved them, or we're institutional.
The two words come from Latin Latin "Paul," which means "during "Paul."
But it means two different things.
Internationally, I treat any different culture as if they were my kids, "I want a lot of it."
Line, I treat all of the different culture as if they were my sense.
So the whites in Africa are called Babieth residents.
That book gave me a conference in the face -- "The small thing is "beautiful, written by Security," who said for all economic development, if people don't want to be help, solar alone.
This should be the first principle of aid.
The first principle of aid is to respect.
This morning, the gentleman who opened this conference put a button on the ground and said, we can imagine a city that's not being recognition?
I decided at the age of 27, just responding to people, and I invented a system called Art Force where you never start anything, but it becomes a sensitive of local passion, the service of the local people who have the dream of becoming a better person.
So what do you do? It street.
It never gets to a community with an idea, and it feels with the people in the local.
We don't work from the office.
We got together in a coffee -- we got together in a bar.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we figure out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give one idea to somebody.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what are you going to do?
The passion that she has for its own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that the man has for its own personal growth is the most important thing.
And then we help them find knowledge, because nobody in the world can be successful alone.
The person with the idea may not have the knowledge, but knowledge is available.
So years and years came back, I had this idea: Why not we, for one time instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do, why don't we ever hear them, but not in community meetings.
I'll tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
entrepreneurs never support, and they will never tell you, in a public meeting, what they want to do with their own money, what opportunity they've identified.
So planning has this blind point.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't support their public meetings.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face-to-face -- you have to create a social infrastructure, which doesn't exist.
You have to create a new profession.
The profession is the family of the family family, the family family of business, which is set up with you in your house, at the table, and that helps him find the resources to transform their passion in a way of making your life.
I started this as a test in Europe, Western Australia.
I was making a Ph.D. at that time, trying to get away from this side trash where we got to tell you what to do.
In one year, I had 27 projects in the march, and the government came to me to see to ask, "How can you do that?
How can you do it?" And I said, "I did something very, very, very hard.
I fell down and listened to you.   So the government says, "Make it again."  We've done it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped start 40,000 business.
There's a new generation of entrepreneurs that are dying of loneliness.
Peter Russian, one of the greatest business teachers in history, died at '96, a few years ago.
Peter Dragon was a philosophy teacher before involved in business, and this is what Peter Descartes: "The planning is actually incompatible with a society and a innovative business economy.
Patrician is the kiss of the death of the business spirit.
So now you are rebuilding Rick without knowing what the highest people in Christing want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn how to get these people come up with you.
You have to offer meaning to privacy, privacy, has to be fantastic to help you, and then they'll come back in mass.
In a community of 10,000 people, we got 200 customers.
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people, intelligence and passion.
What do you have to put in this morning.
Nice local people, that's what you have clapping.
So what I tell you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is.
We are at the end of the first industrial revolution, fossil fossil fuels, manufacturing -- and a moment to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable.
The train as a way of holding machinery is not sustainable.
What we have to consider is how we supply, we currently, we set, we set seven billion people, in a sustainable way.
There are no technologies to do it.
Who is going to invent technology for the green revolution the universities -- "Love them?
The government? Let the government?
They'll be the entrepreneurs and they're doing it now.
There's a remarkable story that I read in a pristine magazine many, many years ago.
There was a group of experts who were invited to debate the future of New York City in the year 1880.
And in the year 1880, this group of people came together, and they speculate about what would happen to the city of New York in 100 years, and the conclusion was the game -- New York City would not exist within 100 years.
Why? Because they analyzed the curve, and they pointed out, if the population keeps growing up at this rate, to bring to the population of New York to the around, would require six million horses, and the manure produced for six million horses would be impossible to address it.
They were already becoming spectacular.  So in 1860, they were tracking this dirty technology that would build the lives of New York.
So what happens? Over the next 40 years, in 1900, in the United States appeared 900 electric manufacturing companies, 100.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there were very few there, scales, factories in anti-search places.
Drama, Michigan. Henry Ford.
However, there's a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
First of all, you have to offer them to trust them.
Otherwise, they won't come to talk to you.
Then, you have to offer you an absolute thing, dedicated services, research.
And eventually, you will have to tell me the truth with it to understand.
The smallest company, the biggest company, has to be able to do three things: the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic. You have to rely with a fantastic trade, and you have to tell a great financial management.
You know what?
We've never met a single human being in the world that can make, sell and look for money alone.
There is no exist.
This is still not born.
We've looked at the 100 well-known companies, Congress, Stanford, Sound, all new companies -- Google, "Howard.
There's only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common, only one -- no one was initiated by one person.
Never the word "The word "The "position: 32 times.
He wasn't just when he started.
Nobody starts a company alone. Nobody.
So we can create the community where we have artists, who come from a small business environment sitting in cameras, in bars next to their dedicated camps who will do for you, what somebody did for this gentleman who talks about this president, someone who will ask you what you need?
What can you do? Can you do it?
Well, can you sell it? Can you look for the money?
"Oh, no, I can't do that." "Would I want you to look for you?"
We activate communities.
Thank you.
Those who surround us can help us in many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors, so we don't exchange much knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces.
In the last few years I've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like automatics, plastic and chalk.
These projects came from questions like, how much do my neighbors pay for their applications?
How can we pay and ask for more things without calling the door at a bad time?
How do we share more memories of our abandoned buildings and understand our landscape better?
How do we share our hopes to empty stores so that our communities can reflect today our needs and substructs?
I live in New Orleans, and I'm in love with New Orleans.
My soul always finds relief with the giant ones that give shadows to the shot of and bones and dream for centuries and trust in a city.
  There is a disaster in New Orleans.  And the city has one of the most beautiful architects in the world, but also one with the most beautiful number of American properties in America.
I live near this house and I thought how I could turn it into a more nice space for the neighborhood and also in something that changed my life forever.
In 2009, I lost somebody who loved a lot.
It was Johnson, as a mother for me.
Her death was sudden and unexpected.
I thought a lot about death.
And this was a profound gratitude for the time and I lived for the time.
It gave you clarity to the significant things of my life today.
But I'm going to keep this look in my everyday life.
It seems to me that it's easy to let the day go through day and forget the really important thing for you.
So with the help of old and new friends transformed the wall of this abandoned house on a giant piece and painted on her phrases to go, "Before I die "I want to."
So the students could take a chalk. reflect on their lives and share personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to expect from this experiment, but the next day the wall was full and I kept covering it.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
Before I die I want to be played by paralyzer:  Before I died, I want to sit down in the online line line.
Before I died, I want to sing for millions of people."
Before I die I want to plant a rolling."
Before I die I want to live outside the network."
Before I died, I want to embrace it once again."
Before I died, I want to go to the rescue of someone."
Before I died, I want to be completely myself."
This abandoned space became constructive and the dreams and hope of people made me laugh at me, they dragged me, and they gave me comfort in hard times.
It's about knowing that you're not alone. It's about understanding our neighbors in new and resources -- it's about giving awareness and planning, and remember what is most important to us as we grow and change.
This happened last year, and I started getting hundreds of messages of passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
So with my colleagues of the civic center we did a kit and now have been done in countries around the world, like Ball, South Africa, Australia, Argentina and beyond.
Together, we showed the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have are time and our relationships with other people.
In our era of increasing, it's more important than ever, finding ways to preserve perspective and remembering life is brief.
death is something that we often avoid talking about, or even think, but I understood that we prepare for death is one of those things that makes us more power.
Think of the crustable death of our life.
Our shared spaces can reflect better what matters as individuals and as individuals and more media to share hopes and fear and stories, the people around us cannot only help improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I have a single request.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my siblings.
Time is 22 years old, it's high and very fortunate.
I don't talk about it, but they transmit better than some of the best speakers.
He knows what love is.
And so I shared it independently what happens.
It's not antibiotic. It doesn't look at the skin color.
They don't care about religious differences and look at this: Never lie.
When you sing songs of our childhood, trying to get words that I can't even remind you, I remember one thing: the little thing we know about the mind and how wonderful it should be the unknown.
Samuel is 16 years old. It's high. It's very smooth.
It makes the memory more impossible.
However, it's a selective memory.
I didn't remember if I stole my chocolate, but I remember the year that I came out every single songs of my iPod -- conversations that we kept when I was four years old, I started in my arm during the first episode of the Taliban and the birthday of Lady Gaga.
Do you don't seem amazing?
But most people don't agree.
And in fact, because their minds don't fit into the concept of the normal society, they're often ignored and understood.
But what drives my heart and my soul was my soul was that even if that was the case, even though they didn't consider them in the childhood, that could only mean one thing: that they were extraordinary, artists and extraordinary.
Now, for those less familiar with the term of autism, it's a complex brain disorder affecting social communication, learning and sometimes physical skills.
In each individual is manifest in a different way, where I say Six is so different from Sam.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, a new case of autism, is diagnosed a new case of autism, and although it's one of the disorders of development that increases faster in the world, there is no cause or cure knowledge.
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember one day without it.
I was only three years old when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited to have a new self in my life.
When a few months, I realized that he was different.
It was a lot.
I didn't want to play as the other babies and in fact, it didn't seem very interested in me at all.
And he lived and researched in his own world, with his own rules, and he found pleasure in the smallest things, like putting the cars around the room, looking at the washing machine and eat anything that would be between between.
As I grew up, it became more different, and the differences became more elephant.
But beyond the birds, the frustration and the endless interview, there was something really unique -- a pure and innocent nature -- a child who saw the world without prejudice -- a human being had never lied.
And extraordinary.
I can't deny that there have been some hard moments in my family, moments in which I wish they were just like me.
But I look back to the things that have taught me about individual, communication and love, and I realize that they're things that wouldn't want to change for normal.
The normal passes the beauty that gives us the differences and the fact of being different doesn't mean that some of them are wrong.
It only means that there's a different view of what's right.
If I could pass a single thing to Him and Sam and you are not having to be normal.
They can be extraordinary.
Because, autistic or not, the differences we have, are a condition: Every one of us has a gift in its interior, and honestly, the pursuit of normality.
The opportunity for the greatness and progress and change die at the time we try to be like others.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit what should have been active in the country of Mars.
Penn State asked me a communications professor, which would give a lecture class to engineering students.
I was scared.  So I was supposed to support these students with their great minds, their great books and their big words and unknown words.
But by developing those conversations, I felt what Audience should have felt when I fell through the hole of the rabbit and saw the door of a new world.
I just felt when I had those conversations with students, and I was surprised the ideas that I had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to open that door is a great communication.
We need a lot of communication of our scientists and engineers with the end of changing the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones that are attacking our larger challenges, from energy to environment and health care, among others, and if we don't know about this, the work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as no scientists to have these interactions.
But these great conversations cannot happen if our scientists and engineers don't invite us to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers, please.
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure that their science is sexy and that their engineering is attractive.
First question to answer you, and then what?
Tell you why science is relevant to us.
They don't just tell us that they study the books, but they study the books, which are the mesh structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat the pictures.
And when they're describing their science, you care about the jargon.
Shame is a obstacle for our understanding of their ideas.
Sure, you can say "space and temporary, but why don't I say space and moment" that is much more accessible to us?
It is not the same thing to make texting.
Instead, as Einstein, which is all as simple as possible, but not simple.
They can communicate clearly their science without compromise ideas.
Something to consider is to use examples, stories and analogies -- are ways of hacking and inspired them with their content.
And by presenting his work, forget about the signals of "down."
You've been wondering why they call them?  What do you do? The bullets kill and kill their presentation.
A film like this is not only boring, but it's supported too much in the area of our brain and overwhelmed us.
Instead, this example of General Brown is much more effective, showing that the special structure of the trials is so strong that it really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower of the Eiffel Tower is so strong.
The trick here is to use a simple phrase that the audience can understand if you lose a little bit, and then provide graphs that apply to our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding than you describe it.
I think these are just a few key keys that can help each other open the door and see the country of wonders that science and engineering.
And so scientists and engineers -- when they have solved this equation, all over the media, they'll smell with simplicity.  Thank you.
One of my favorite words from all the Oxford English dictionary is to get to take."
Just because it sounds very well.
And "Genetic means political "Technology."
Although there was a professional editor of the 19th century who defined it much better when he said, "A glass is that you search for a public charge without matter or platform or principle or the beginning, when he win, it gets it for the ground using a self-controlled common.
I have no idea what it means is that support.
Something to do with words, I guess.
It's very important that words are the basis in politics, and that all politicians know they have to try to dominate the language.
It wasn't until that, for example, 1983 that the British Parliament allowed newspapers to quote the exact words that were said in the camera chamber.
And all of this was thanks to the courage of a guy with the name of Galles Collid, who faced the Parliament.
He was left in the London Tower and they showed him, but he had enough courage to deal with them, and at the end he had such a popular support in London that won.
And just a few years later, we had the first registered use of the phrase called "The "Boss as a metal metal.
Most of you think it's literal to it.
It's not. It's by a advocate of freedom of expression.
But to show you really how words and politics interact, I want you to go back to the United States, right after the independence.
So, they had to address the question of how to call George Washington, his leader.
They didn't know.
How do you call the leader of a Republican country?
This was designed in Congress for a long time.
They presented all kinds of suggestions that they could have completely.
Some people wanted to call it "The "Dentist of State Washington and others, his Australia George Washington, and another "Death defense of the United States of the U.S.
Not very attention.
Some just wanted to call it "Bench."
They thought it was a quality of quality.
And not even with it were mentor, they had the idea that you could be elected King for a certain term.
And I could have served it.
Everybody gets together increasingly, because this debate is provided for three weeks.
I read the newspaper of a poor Senator and he always wrote, "It's still with this test."
Which caused the restaurant and the until the size of representatives were against the Senate.
The Commercial House didn't want Washington to get rid of power.
They didn't want to call him King for whether he was giving him or his wife ideas.
And so they wanted to give you the most modest title and more meaningful and more memorable that they came up with.
And that title was "pressed."
President. They didn't invent the title -- I existed before, but it only meant somebody who was pressing a resource."
It was like the president of a jury.
And I didn't have much bigger than the term of "particular or surface."
There were basic presidents of small colonial angles and government graphics, but it was really a significant title.
And that's why the Senate stood up.
They said, "It's ridiculous, we can't call it "The Pennsylvania."
"This guy has to sign up treated and meet with foreign diagrams."
"And who will take you in serious with a degree as ridiculous and interesting as President of the United States Anderson?
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate didn't decide.
We can learn three interesting things about this.
First of all, and this is my favorite to where I've been able to figure out, the Senate has never been completely reading the title of President.
President Barack Obama is lucky to keep there, waiting for the Senate to be in action.
The second thing that we can learn is that when a government says a measure is temporary --  -- we can keep waiting for 73 years more.
But the third thing that we can learn, and this is the most important thing, and with this, I want to leave you, is that the U.S. President of the United States doesn't sound at all so modest in this day, right?
Especially if you have over 5,000 nuclear warheads to solution, the largest economy of the world and a fleet of UAVs.
The reality and history has moved to the title of great.
So at the end won the sense.
They got their title of responsibility.
And also the other concern of the Senate, the appearance of the sense, well, it was a uniqueness for then.
But you know how many nations they have now?
And everything because they want to sound like the guy who has the 5,000 nuclear heads, etc.
So in the end, the Senate won and the Spain of representatives lost because no one is going to feel humble when they tell them that they're now the President of America.
And I think that's the great lesson that we can learn, and that I would like to leave you.
The politicians are trying to choose and use the words to shape and control reality, but really, it really modified the words more than what these might change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 to meters underground.
The air is charges of heat and dust, and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the rock of sweat bodies in the dark, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices that talk about, but above all, that collaboration of male and stones with primitive tools.
Like others, I take a cheap light of light support subject to the head with this orange, and I can barely distinguish the branches that hold the walls of that hole of that hole that drops hundreds of feet on the ground.
And my hand was standing up, and I suddenly remember a mining that I met days earlier, which lost control and was an amazing foot in that period.
While I'm talking to you today, these men are at the depths of that hole risking their lives without paying or reward and often dying.
And I went out of that hole and I went home, but they may never do it, because they're poetry of slavery.
In the last 28 years I was documenting native cultures in more than 70 countries in six continents, and in 2009, I had the great honor of being the only scientist at the Campaign of California Day.
Among all the amazing people I met there met a surprise of "The Elizabeth, a NGO that is dedicated to eradicate modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery and, really, I started learning about slavery because I knew it existed in the world, but not at such a degree.
When we finished talking to me I felt very bad. I was honestly embarrassed to ignore this trace of our days and thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know?
He made me a story and weeks later, I flew to Los Angeles to meet the CEO of "The Letth and offer my help.
So I started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, I've been in many of these places.
Some, even I considered them my second home.
But this time, I would sell the dirty sounds.
A conservative calculation says that there are currently more than 27 million people slaves in the world.
It's twice the amount of Africans displaced throughout the entire transatlantic slave issue.
150 years ago, the cost of a farmer slave was about three times the annual salary of a U.S. worker.
The equivalent to about 50 dollars.
But today you can be linked to entire families for the profitable debt of the 19th State detection.
Surprisingly, slavery generates profits from over 13 billion dollars a year around the world.
Many of them have been trained with false promise of good education and better work to find out that they're forced to work without pay, low violence and can't escape.
Today slavery operates in the commercial -- the goods produced by slaves have value, but those who produce them are replicated.
slavery exists in almost everybody and yet, it's illegal around the world.
In India and Nepal, I met the blocks of bricks.
This weird and remarkable show was like entering the ancient Egypt or to the hell of Man.
Institutions in a temperature of 54 C, men, women, children, children in fact wrapped up in a heavy amount of powder -- they stack in mechanically bricks in their heads, until 18 at the same time, and they take them from the auditory trade to trucks that are at hundreds of feet.
So demand by the monkey and the sensor work in silence, doing this task over and over again for 16 or 17 hours a day.
There were no palms to eat, not to drink, and the destructive destination would make it pretty interesting.
So a lot of standards were the heat and dust that my camera became too hot, and stopped working.
Every 20 minutes I had to run into the car to clean up the team and make it work with air conditioning to reverse it, and sitting there, I thought, my camera gets a much better treatment than these people.
Back in the broadcasts I wanted to cry, but the responsibility who was on my side quickly grabbed me and said, "Lease don't do it. Don't do it here."
And it explained to me very clearly that to show emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me, but for them.
I couldn't offer any direct help.
I couldn't give you money, anything.
I was not a citizen of that country.
I could put them in a worse situation that they were already on.
I had to trust the Elizabeth and work within the system for its release, and I trusted that they would get it.
On me, I waited to get home to feel my disappointed heart.
In the Himalayas, I found kids running rocks for miles by motor terrain to trucks that were waiting down.
Those big lines were more heavy than the kids who carry them and the children get them up to their heads with cards made of sticks and ropes and does.
It's hard to push something so deeply.
How can we influence something so infinite, but so strongly?
Some don't even know that they're slaves -- and they work 16 or 17 hours a day without paying -- because this has been this whole life.
They have nothing to compare to.
When these villagers claim their freedom, the slaves.
When we hear the word slavery often we thought about sexual traffic and because of this global awareness of this global awareness that would be hard for me to work with security in this particular business.
In Bangladesh they were doing women who had been previously slave sex.
I was driven by some of the computers that were giving this dirty basement of fluorescent light.
It wasn't exactly a paradigm.
It was rather a restaurant.
Separate as you know in the office, they're local for the forced prostitution.
They have small rooms, private rooms, where women are made with their girls and children, some of just seven years old, are forced to train customers and encourage them to buy more food and alcohol.
Every post is dark and dirty -- identified by a number painted on the wall and divided by a bomb and a curtain.
The workers often suffer sexual abuse at the hands of their clients.
From standing in the computer, I remember having felt a sex drinking fear and, in that instant, I could barely imagine what should be stuck in that hell.
I just had a salt, the stairs, where I came in.
There were no trained doors.
There were no windows enough to climb up.
Those people don't have school, and because we play such a difficult topic, it's important to point out that slavery even sexual traffic happens around us.
There are hundreds of people in agriculture, in restaurants in the domestic service and the list can continue.
Recently, the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 American children are sold every year as sexual slaves.
It happens around, but we don't see it.
The textile is another activity that often relate to the labor of the slave labor.
He visited Indian villages where there were entire families in the trade trade.
This is a family portrait.
The black hands of black are from the father, the blue and red hands.
They mix the transportations in these big barrels and dip silk in the liquid to the elbow, but the transition is toxic.
My performer told me his stories.
"We have no treatment."
"We still hope, however, can come out of this house someday and go to another place where we really pay us our work."
It's estimated that there are more than 4,000 children located in Lake Viet, the largest artificial lake in the world.
When we arrived, I went to look at a quick look.
I saw what seemed to be a family of fishermen in a boat, two older brothers, some younger kids, makes sense of it?
Wrong. They were all slaves.
Children are separated from their tracking families, disappeared, forced to work extinct slices in these boats.
This boy is eight years old.
When our boat came up with it was sticking, it was feared that his little girl was subsidized.
It was paralyzed by the fear of falling water.
The branches branches of the restriction trees in the Lake Vales often catch networks and children, dangerous and fear, they throw into the water to lay the branches.
Many of them are adopted.
Since remember, it's always been forced to work in the lake.
For fear of his love is not going to flee and, as all life has been treated with crop, especially treat the younger slaves under their command.
I met these guys at five in the morning, when they lifted the last networks, but they had been working from the stage.
The night and windy night.
And it takes to point out that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they're full of fish.
I want to introduce you to Kais.
Kofi was rescued in a village of charges.
I met it in a shelter where "The "Simple Span is all the accelerating police victims of slavery.
Kofi symbolizes the possible.
Who will get to be because somebody decided to make a difference in their life?
driving through a road in Ghana with the sources of "The "Star South Sandy and the "Starlessy," a computer company with his motorcycle suddenly accelerate and supported our car and played the window.
It asked us to follow it through a path of land to the jungle.
At the end of the road, I went out of the car, and he asked the driver to go out quickly.
And then I pointed out this side barely visible and said, "This is the way, this is the way. Come on.
As we started to go down, we took the interfaces that blocked the road, and after walking around an hour we found that the path was attached by the recent rain, so I put the photo team on my head as we go down in these waters to the chest.
After two hours of walking, the little path ended up in a clear, and we had a mass of holes that could fit in a football field, and they were all filled with slave workers.
Many women had children tied up to their backs, and while they were looking for gold, they walked in water with memory.
The market is used in the extraction process.
These miners are enslaved in a place in another part of Ghana.
When they came out of the pump, they were pushed in their own sweat.
I remember looking at her tired, very sentenced, because many had been under land for 72 hours.
The wells are up to 90 feet and these people carry heavy heavy bags that will then be transported to another area where they will get the stone to extract the gold.
On the first view, the site seems to be filled with strong and vigorous men but if you look closer, to the margin we see some other lucky and also children.
They're all victims of injuries, diseases and violence.
In fact, it's very likely that this muscle ends up like this victim of tuberculosis and the advent of the market in a few years.
This is Mary. When his father died, his uncle took him to work with him in the mines.
When you die his uncle, Mandela inherited the debt of the uncle that force it to be slave in the mines.
When I met it, I had worked in the mines 14 years and the lesion of the leg you see here is a product of an accident in the mine so severe that doctors said it should be a supermarket.
In addition to that, Mandela has tuberculosis, and not quite a constant thing, it's forced to work night and day in that mine.
Yet, he dream with being released and educated with the help of local activists like "The Elizabeth -- and it's this kind of determination, of face to a remote possibility, which inspired me a lot of respect.
I want to shine light on slavery.
They knew that their images would be seen by you all over the world.
I wanted you to know that we will make testimony of them and we will do everything in order to help change their lives.
I honestly believe that if we can see each other as human beings, then it's very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery.
These images are not recently. They're people, real people, like you and like me, who deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in their lives.
There is no day that I don't think of these so many beautiful people, satellite, that I've had the great honor to know.
I hope that these images wake up a force in who you see them, in people like you, and I hope that that force is going on a fire and that that fire shine light on slavery because, without that light, the beasts of slavery can continue to live in shadows.
Thank you very much.
I do mathematical math and there's a peculiar problem for who makes it, we're like management conservation.
Nobody knows what the hell do.
So I'm going to try to try to explain to you what I do.
The dance is one of the most humans.
They hurt the biolegna boots and the classroom dancers --  that we'll see more ahead.
But the ballet demands a degree of extraordinary training, a high level of destroy and probably certain initial attitude that can well have a genetic component.
Sadly, neurological disorders like Parkinson's Parkinson's government destroy this extraordinary ability, as it does with my friend James Egyptian who, in his time, was a virtual ballet dancing ball.
In the last few years, it has been added a lot in treatment.
However, there are 3,000 million people in the world who are sick, and they have to deal with an incredible weakness and the terrible and demand and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect disease before it's too late.
We need to be able to measure progress in a objective way, and ultimately, the only way we know if there is really a cure to be when we have a target and a direct metric and a close metric of it.
But it's frustrating that for Parkinson's and other disorders of the movement there are no biological markers, so they don't serve blood analysis and the best thing we have is a neurological test of 20 minutes.
You have to go to a clinic to do it. It's very, very expensive, and that means that, outside of clinical trials, never done. It's never been done.
And what if patients could do it at home?
That would save a distributed journey to clinic. What if patients could do the exam themselves.
You wouldn't need personal.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars.
So what I want to propose to you as a kind of conventional way to try it, you see, in some sense at least, we're all virtuous like my friend Jaman Prison.
This is a video of the vaccine of the vocal careful.
It shows someone who is healthy as it emitted sounds to talk. We can imagine as dancers of a vocal ballet because we have to coordinate all these vocal organs to produce sounds and we all have the genes need -- the Photoshops -- for example.
And as the ballet requires a level of extraordinary training.
Let's think about time that takes a child to learn to speak.
From sound, we can track the position of vocal strings as they vibrate -- and as well as Parkinson's affects the extremes, it also affects the vocal organs.
On the bottom of the bottom you can see an example of present promise of vocal careful.
We see the same symptoms.
And I need to use vocal and weakness and demand.
The speech becomes more quiet and supported after a while, and this is an example of symptoms.
How do these tests compare in the voice with specialized clinical trials -- well, both of them are not invisible.
The neurological test is not invasive -- both of them use existing infrastructure.
It's not necessary to design a whole series of hospitals to do it.
They're both accurate. Well, but also the tests based on voice are not sustainable.
I mean, they can be a massive conductor.
They do very quickly, they take about 30 seconds as a lot.
They're completely minimal and we all know what happens.
When something takes a cost so low -- it goes on a massive scale.
These are some amazing goals ready to address it.
We can reduce the logistical difficulties of patients.
I wouldn't need to go to the clinic for the routine car.
Fortunately, we could get objective data.
We could make low-cost mass recruiting costs for clinical trials and, for the first time, balanced crazy carefully.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first security makers before it's too late.
So when we first have the first steps in that sense, we're launching the vocal Leadership of Parkinson's Camilar.
Together to Cloth and Kentilegan, we want to register a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start addressing these goals.
We have accessible local lines for about 750 million people in the world.
Anyone or without Parkinson's, I can call at low price and leave the recording for a few cents, and I'm pleased to announce that we've already reached six percent of the goal in just eight hours.
Thank you.   Tom Rielly: So Mom, take all these samples of, say, 10,000 people, you can say who is healthy and who doesn't?
What would you get from these shows?
Max Limpson: Yeah, yeah. What happens is that during the call you have to indicate whether you have or not disease. TR: Sure.
MT: You see, some people may not pass it. You may not end it.
But we're going to get a very large sample of data collected in different circumstances, and doing it in different circumstances is important because we're looking at the factors of confusion in search for the real markers of disease.
TR: Do you have 86 percent accuracy right now.
BL: Much more than that.
In fact, my student Hinguishes, I have to advertise it, has done a fantastic job, and now it has shown that it works on mobile phone network too, which makes the project -- now we have 99 percent accuracy.
TR: Come and nine. Well, it's a better.
RM: Absolutely.
TR: Thank you very much. Max Lake, public.
MM: Thank you.
Before March 2011, I made photographic shots in New York City.
We are legal creatures, gray creatures.
We hide in the dark, in the windows without windows and, usually, we avoid sunlight.
We do the thin models even more demanded, the perfect perfect skin even even more perfect we do the impossible -- we can make it impossible and they criticize us in the press all the time, but some of us are really artists.
On March 11, 2011, I saw from my house, just like the rest of the world, the tragic events that happen in Japan.
A little time later, a organization where I was a volunteers, there was Hands Collider, it was in the place working as part of the answer team.
I, along with hundreds of other volunteers we knew we couldn't stay at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
On May 13, I traveled to Antarctica.
It's a small fishing village located in the Prize of Palestinian per thousand people, one of the first people affected by the wave.
The level of water recorded over 24 feet high, and more than three miles land inside.
As you can imagine, the town was declined.
We take concerts from channels and the backgrounds.
We cleaned up schools. We took the side and leave the houses ready to be kings and removed.
We take tons and tons of death fish, an attached, power of local factory.
We got excited and loved us.
For weeks, both volunteers as the neighbors found similar things.
They found pictures and pictures of photos and cameras and cards and cards.
They all did the same thing.
They collect them and take them to different places of villages around to save them.
It wasn't until then I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that people had suffered with.
As you go from the wave, and to save their lives, they had to abandon absolutely everything they had.
At the end of my first week, I started to help in a cutting-edge center center.
It helped clean communal bathrooms the huge banks, giant bathrooms.
This place turned out to be the place of the village where the transparency center picks the photos.
They took them and I had the honor that that day would trust me to clean the photos.
This was exciting and inspiring -- I had heard the expression to think beyond the horizon, but it wasn't until I had my grandchildren that something happened.
When you look at the pictures, I found some that had more than a hundred years from the lab, I couldn't avoid thinking about how to fix that route and repair that salary and to repair that saving and met hundreds of people who could do the same thing.
So that night I went into Facebook contacted with some of them, and the next answer was so overwhelming and positive, that I knew we had to try.
So we started cutting the photos.
This was the first of all.
I wasn't too stressed, but where the water had thrown out the face of the girl should be ready with a lot of precision and delicious.
Otherwise, that little girl would not have the aspect of it, and that would be as tragic as having the opposite picture.
Over the course of time, they got more photos, and they needed more secrets so I entered Facebook and Linux and five days later 80 people of 12 countries offered to help.
Within two weeks I had 150 willing to join up.
In Japan, in July, we moved to Alexander, a neighbor town north of America.
Once a week we used our scanner in the temporary photographic libraries that had been installed where people were going to reclaim their photos.
The time they were going to give them is a different story, depending on the course of the picture of photos.
It could explain an hour. I could just take weeks.
I could explain months.
This week, you had to draw directly by using the areas whose color and detail and detail had not destroyed.
I took a long time.
The water destroyed all these pictures underwater in salt water, bacteria covered with bacteria, with algae, even with oil, all of that together with the time of time continues to destroy them, so to clean them by hand was a major part of the project.
We couldn't cut the picture unless it was clean, dry and would have been claimed by his owner.
We were lucky with his way.
We count the guide of a remarkable neighbors.
It's very easy to hurt even more the photos anymore.
As Kenya, the leader of my group is like making a tattoo.
You can't make mistakes.
The woman who brought us these pictures was very lucky in the photos.
I had begun to clean her, but he stopped realizing that it was even more.
I also had doubled.
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face wouldn't have been able to rebuild the images in a single picture and read the full picture.
When he collected his pictures shared some of his history with us.
A few colleagues of their husband found the pictures in a bomb station between the very far far from where their house used to be, but their colleagues recognized it.
The day of the tsunami, his husband was the advertising of closed the barriers to the wave.
He had to go inside the water while the viruses were sounded.
Her small children, not so small now, but their two children were in school, in different schools.
One of them was trapped in the water.
He took a week to find all his family and know that everybody had survived.
The day he handed her pictures his youngest son was 14 years old.
For her, despite all of this, those pictures were the best gift I could do, something that he could go back to look, something that could remember from the past that he had not been made by that sea day when everything in his life changed or was destroyed.
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers had joined there and hundreds of them helped us to clean up more than 45,000 photographs -- the great majority -- the great majority of them came back to their owners -- important.
Over 500 volunteers around the world helped us to go back to 90 families hundreds of pictures of totally saturated pictures and reduced.
During this time, we don't really spend more than 1,000 in equipment and materials, most of them in ink for printers.
We take pictures constantly.
A picture is a memory of someone or something, one place, a relationship, somebody who loved it.
They are shaped from our memories and stories, the last thing we would take but the first thing we would get to look for.
And about this was the project, to restore small pieces of humanity, to return to someone their connection to the past.
When a picture like this is coming back to someone, it makes a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it.
This project also made a big difference in the life of the secrets.
Some of them connected them to something bigger, to get something bigger, using their talent for something that they don't be thin models of perfect skin.
So to end up, I'd like to read this electronic email -- I sent him Canada the day I came back from Japan after six months.
While I was characterized, I couldn't help think about people and stories shown in the images.
One particular picture, a picture with women from different ages from the grandmother to the small child, gathered around a baby, I moved to me, because a similar picture of my family my grandmother, my mother, I and my daughter recently born from our wall.
In the entire world, all of our basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you.  So thanks.
I decided Deba and curious inspired with this picture of a bullet that goes through an apple in a single exhibition of just a millionth of a second.
But now, 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not a million or a billion to a million frames per second.
I present you a new kind of photography, the demographics, a new technique so fast that you can create videos in slow camera from light in motion.
And with that, we can create cameras that you can see after the corners beyond the vision line, or seeing the inside of the body without using X-rays, and really challenge the idea of camera.
If I take a laser laser and turn it up and turn it back into a single second or it is, in many ways to create a photo package of just a millimeter wide.
And that package of photons -- that stream, travel at the speed of light, and again, a million times faster than a common ball.
If we take that bullet and this package of photons and shoot in this bottle, how do those photons break into this ball?
What is the aspect of light in slow motion.
Now, all of this.   Remember that all of this is happening effectively in less than a second, is what it takes to travel the light.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see light in motion.
Coke didn't take this research.  So there's a lot of things in this movie.
The pulse, our stream, walks into the bottle with a picture of photons that starts to go through it, and that, inside, starts to step.
Part of the light goes off, goes to the table, and we started to see these insects.
Many of the photons finally get to the store and then explode in various directions.
As you can see, there's a bubble of air that bounces inside the inside.
At that time, the waves travel through the table, and because of the reflections of the top you see on the bottom of the bottle, after several pictures, that reflect conversations.
Now, if we take a common and current bullet and we make the same distance and we see it in slow camera to about 10 billion times, how much do you think it would take us to see that film?
One one? A week? Actually, a whole year.
It would be a very boring movie --   of a slow stream in motion.
So what about working with dead nature?
You can see the waves that would be taken from the table, the tomato and the bottom wall.
It's like throwing a stone in a pond.
It's the way nature paint a picture, I thought, from an affair at the same time, but of course, our eyes see an integral composition.
But if you look at one more time, you realize that, as the light takes care of the tomato is still bright -- it's not dark.
Why? Because the tax is mature and the light light inside and it comes back after several seconds of seconds.
In the future, when this common is in its mobile phones, they're going to be able to go to the supermarket and verify if the fruit is mature without having to touch it.
Why do we create this camera at MIT at MIT.
As a photographer, you know, if we take a picture at low exposure, it goes very little light.
But we will go to a billion times faster than the shortest exhibition -- so it just goes into some light.
We sent that bullet -- that package of photons -- millions of times, and we recorded over and over again with a very high sense, we took those gigabytes of data and we interviewed them to create those professionals that I showed you.
We can take all of those raw data and process them in a very interesting way.
Superman can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
What if a new power of a superior future would allow you to see after the concerts?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door, Brown, entering the room, one part is going to reflect on the door, and from there to the camera.
Where we could extract those multiple light disorders.
It's not science fiction. We've built it.
On the left, it's our complex.
Behind the wall there is a neighborhood and we represent light on the door.
After the publication of our article in Nature Compassion.
And a small fraction of the photons come back to the camera, but interestingly, in slightly different times.
And as we have a camera that works like this, our symbolics, has unique capability.
It has very good temporal resolution, and you can look at the world at the speed of light.
So we know the distances to the door, and also to the hidden objects, but we don't know what point it corresponds to what distance.
When you project a laser, you can record a photo picture, which you see on the screen, it doesn't really make any sense.
But we will take lots of images like this, and dozens of images, we will go together and try to analyze the multiple surfaces of light, and with that, we can see the hidden object?
Can we see it in 3D.
This is our recovery.
We have things to explore before we pull this out of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that avoid collisions with what's going on to the curve.
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions looking at the light reflected by open windows.
Or we could build protocols that can be able to see the inside of the body setting up values, and the same for the parasites.
But of course, because of the tissue and the blood is quite difficult, so this is actually a request to scientists to start thinking about photographer as a new visualization of visualization to solve the problems of the next generation.
So as a Donator Denger, he was a scientist, turned science into art, an art of broken photographs.
I realized that all the diagnoses of data that we collected every time are not just for scientific visualizing, but we can do it.
Create a new form of computational photography with slow camera and color code.
And let's look at those waves, remember, time between each one of those waves is just a few trillion seconds.
But here's something fun.
If you look at the waves underneath the ground, these are away from us.
The waves should move towards us.
What happens here?
It turns out, as we're recording almost at the speed of light, we have strange effects -- Einstein would have loved to see this image.
The order of events in the world sometimes appears to invest in the camera.
By applying the corresponding information of space and time, we can correct this distortion here.
It's time. Thank you.
Hello. This is my mobile phone.
A mobile cell can change life, and it gives you individual freedom.
With a cell phone can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a cell phone, you can take a message and start a protest in Egypt.
So with a cell phone you can record a song, upload it to Stanford and make it famous.
This is all possible with a mobile phone.
I'm a 1950s and I live in the city of Berlin.
Let's go back to that moment, to this city.
So here you can see hundreds of thousands of people who were looking for a change.
This is the fall of 1989 -- imagine if all these people gathered to try to look for a change, they had a cell phone in the pocket.
Who in the present have a cell phone here?
Let them.
Raise your mobile phone, to get them up.
Let them. An American, a "Golden, Grandchill.
It's a lot. Almost everybody today has a cell phone.
But I'm going to talk about me, from my mobile, and how I changed life.
I'll talk about this.
These are 35 430 lines of information.
Data.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2006, the UN Commission presented a diagnostic.
This are the Development Management Management Management Management Management Management Management Management Management Management Management Management Management Management Management Management Corporation.
This reactor says that every European telephone company, every power of the Internet all over Europe, has to store a wide range of information from users.
Who calls who, who sends an email to who elected.
Who sends a text to who, who sends a text.
And if we use the mobile phone, where we are.
All of this information is stored for at least six months, and to two years, in their telephone company or their Internet provider on the Internet.
And all over Europe, people stood up and said, "We don't want this."
They said they didn't want this data detection.
We want the defense in the digital age, and we don't want telephone to the telephone and the Internet providers store all this information on us.
There were lawyers, journalists, priests, everybody said, "We don't want this."
And here you can see about ten thousand people who came out in the streets of Berlin and said, "It's "a neuroscience don't have fear.
And some of them even said this would be Stage 2.0.
The State was the secret police of East Germany.
And I also wondered if this works really works.
Can you store all this information on us?
Every time you use the molecule?
So I asked my telephone photograph, Their Textilly Textile who at that time, was the largest phone company in Germany, which please sent me all the information they had about me.
I asked them once, and I asked them to ask them, and I didn't get a concrete answer. It was all blah blah.
But then I said, "I want to have this information because you're doing my life.
So I decided to start a court lawsuit because I wanted to have this information.
But Toy Telescope said no, we won't give you this information.
At the end, we signed a agreement.
I would remove the demand and they send me the information that I could.
Meanwhile, the German constitutional tribunal failed the institution for the German law management Act.
So I got this ugly wall on brown with a CD inside.
And in the CD there was this.
Thirty and five thousand pounds of information lines.
I saw them and I said, well, it's an enormous file. Okay.
But after a while, I realized that it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this archive.
It was a little bit skeptical, what should do with that?
Because you can see where I am, where I spend the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information to go out.
I want to make it public.
Because I want to show people what the data data means.
So, next to David Clinic and Open Data City, we did this.
This is a visualization of six months of my life.
You can zoom up and go down, go back and forward.
You can see every step I want.
And you can see how I go from Berkene in the train to Poland, and what often I call up in the background.
This is all possible with this information.
That's a little scary.
But it's not just about me.
It's from all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife and she calls me, we talk about a couple times.
Then they call me some friends and they call me between them.
And then you call the other, and the other one to the other, and we end up with this big network of communication.
You can see how your people communicate with each other to what time they call each other, what time they sleep.
You can see all of this.
You can see the centers, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what society is.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who talks to who, who sends a email to who, all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe, and to two years.
As I said at the beginning, imagine if all these people in the streets of Berlin, in the fall of 1989, they had a cell phone in the pocket.
And the State had known who involved in this protest, and if the State had known who the leaders were, this would never have happened.
The fall of the Berlin Wall may never have happened.
And, in fact, not the fall of the Tree Street.
Because today state agencies and companies want to store as much information from us as possible inside and outside of the web.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives and they want to store them forever.
But the defenders and living in the digital era is not a contradiction.
But today you have to fight for defecting.
You have to fight for that every day.
When they go home to their friends that privacy is a value of the 21st century, and it's not passed away.
When you go home, tell your representative that only because companies and state agencies can store certain information, they don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, ask your phone company, what information they store from you.
So in the future, every time you use your mobile phones to remember that they have to fight for defection in the digital era.
Thank you.
Hello TED, what happens?
It's not enough.
Hello TED, what happens?
I call Man Marie and I'm not a contract, but I know the doctor that brought me to the world.
I cut my mom six times in six different directions, integrating the poor of me in the process.
As a result, I have brain paralysis, so I just complete all the time.
Look at me.
It's adaptable. I'm like a mixture of Sahara.
And Muhammad Construction.
The P. C is not genetics.
It's not consumer or it can be contracted.
Nobody made my mother my mother and I didn't get it because my parents were cousins, even though they are.
It just happens by accidents, like the one that happened to me.
Now, I'm going to warn you, I'm not an inspiration.
It feels bad for me, because at some point in life, you wish to be disabled.
Let's go from walk.
Christmas Caps, are in the shopping center, drive in circles in search and what you see?
16 empty places for disabled.
And they think, "God, can I be at least a little college?
In addition, I tell you, I have 99 problems, and Dr. C. It's just one of them.
From being a proposer film, I would win the gold medal.
I'm a physiology, Muslim, woman, disabled and alive in New Jersey.
If you don't feel better, maybe you should do it.
I'm from Perrest College, in New Jersey.
I always loved that my neighborhood and my disease had the same principles as well.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York, I could.
Many people with cerebral palsy, they don't walk, but my parents don't believe in the non-expense you."
My father's mantra was, "You can do that; dancing "carrier."
If my three biggest sisters cleaned up, I cleaned up.
If my three older sisters were going to public school, my parents gave up the school system and make sure that I was also outside, and if we didn't take up all the extra note -- we all received my mother.
My father taught me how to walk at the age of five years, putting my pants on their feet and just walk.
Another technique I used was to hang a dollar in front of me to pursue it.
The preserve that I carry inside was very strong.
Yeah. The first day in kindergarten kindergarten walked like a mirror champion that has received a lot of pains.
Growing up, there were only six Arabs in my city, and they were all of the family.
There are now 20 restricts, and they continue to be all of the family.  I think nobody realized that we were not Italian.
This was before 9/11, and the politicians would think appropriate to use "The "Audience as a campaign promise.
The people I grew up with had no problems with my faith.
However, it seemed to worry about a lot of hunger during the random.
I was telling you that I had enough fat to live three different months without eating -- so to train the dawn to the dark is very easy.
I danced in Broadway, in Brazil.
Yes, in Broadway, it's crazy.  My parents couldn't afford physical therapy, so they sent me to dance school.
I learned to dance with heels, or I can walk with the heel.
I'm from New Jersey, and there we want to be a child, so if my friends used tons, I too.
And when my friends were going to pass the summer vacation on the coast of Mexico, I didn't go.
I spent my summer in a war zone, because my parents feared that if we didn't go back to Palestine every summer, we become Monday.
In the summer vacation often my father tried to get me up, so I was wearing hot cats, I was putting hot tasks on the back, I was immersed in the Dead Sea and I remember the water burned me and I thought, "It's working on my eyes.
But the miracle cure was the agenda.
I have to say it's very boring, but before I did yoga was a service comedian that I couldn't stand on foot on the way.
And now I can stand on my head.
My parents reinforced this idea that I could do anything that no dream was impossible, and my dream was to be at the general hospital.
I went to college through positive discrimination and I got a scholarship for the United States, University of the state of Arizona, because I was in all the way.
It was like the short master of the theater department.
Everybody loved me.
I did all the tasks of the least smart, I took the peak note in my classes and also in his classes.
Every time I did a scene from the glass of the glass my teachers were crying.
But I never got a role.
Finally, in my last year, the United States decided to make a work called Bangladesh very slow in National.
It's a work of a girl with cerebral parasities.
I was a girl paradigm girl.
So I started screaming to the four lives, and I finally have a role.
I have brain paradise."
At the end of it first cold.
Thank God depression, at the end I'm crazy."
I didn't get the paper.  They gave it to Sony Brown.
I went to insects running into the director of the theater department, reading historically, as if someone had killed my cat, to ask why and she told me that because they believed that they could not do the stunt scenes.
And I said, "Excuse me, if I can't do the risk stunts either, I can't do it."
It was a role for which he literally had been born and gave it to an actor without cerebral parasities.
college was imitating my life.
Hollywood has a dedicated history of paying actors without disabled paper papers.
In graduate school, I went back home, and my first coral tour was kind of an extra thing in a novel.
My dream became true.
And I knew that it would be accepted from "Park to better friend of milk in a significant.
Instead, I was there as a barrel, and I was not looking at me more than the one, and it was obvious to me that concrete directors don't hire artificial actors, not white, with disability.
They just hired perfect people.
But there were exceptions to the rule.
I grew up watching Sharps Golden, Wolfgang Barbia, and all these women had one thing in common: they were communities.
That's why I made me humor.
In my first tour, I took famous comics from New York to New Jersey, and I never forget the face of the first comics that he took when he fell at high speed by the Cost of New Jersey with a driver that had brain paralysis.
I worked in clubs around the United States, and also in Arabic in the Middle East, without censor and not venture.
Some people say that I'm the first resource in the Arab world.
I never like to claim the first place, but I know that they never heard that little remote rumor that says that women are not fun, and they find us very fun.
In 2003, my brother of another mother and father, Dean Florida, and I launched the Festival of the New York City of New York -- now in his 10, year.
Our goal was to change the negative image of the states in the media, and at the same time remind them to concrete directors that subsidies and Arabic.
Instable the Arab was much easier than fighting the challenge of disability challenge.
My great opportunity came in 2010.
I went to the cable news program with Keith Denterning.
I came up as if I went to a graduate shop, I was dragged into a study and sat on a wheelchair.
I looked at the director and I said, "Excuse me, you can give me another silence?"
She looked at me and said, "County, four, three, go!
And we were in alive.
So I was clinging to the desk desk to not go out of the screen during the show, and when I finished the interview, I was slided.
I finally had my opportunity and the representation. I knew they wouldn't be invited to me.
But not just Mr. Denmark came back to me, but it was like full-time full-time and pasted my chair.
Something fun that I learned in direct with Keith Denmark was that people on the Internet are scratched.
The kids are crazy, but they never laughed from me or child or bigger.
Suddenly, my disability on the Internet became an object of save.
I saw clips online with comments like, "Why don't you stand it?"
"Are you respected?
And my favorite favorite, poor human community.
What disease does it have?
We should really do for it."
A comment suggested even that adding my disability to my curve, gravity, comment, paralyzer.
Discompanies is as visual as the race.
If someone on the wheelchair can't do Beach, then Benjam can't make someone in chairs.
The disaster are the -- yes, apply, man. Come on.
The disabled. We are the largest minority in the world, and the most represented in the world of entertainment.
The doctors said I wouldn't walk, but I'm here in front of you.
However, to have grown with media, I don't think it was.
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in media and everyday life.
Maybe if there were more positive images, that would be less hate on the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need all the society to teach our children.
My journey has led me to very spectacular places.
I got to walk through the red carpet color by the bank of the General Sanda Lucky, and the Open Brown Babbage.
I came up with a film with Adam Senate and working with my pain, the amazing Dave Matthew.
Recognized the world running "The Arabs have become film."
I was reflected in the representation of the great state of New Jersey in the 2008 in 2008.
And I founded "The God of Mannanda -- a charity to give kids Palestinian refugees a promise of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me acting live, and I dedicated this talk to his memory.
"I mean, paper pain.
I call Man Marier, and if I can, you can too.
I'd like to tell you a story about a child of a small town.
I don't know his name, but I know his story.
It lives in a small village in the South Side of Somalia.
This is about Colorado.
The drought drives the little town to poverty and the edge of the initiative.
Nothing for him there, you go to the great city, in this case, Minister, the capital of Somalia.
When it comes there, there is no opportunity, no work or future.
He ended up living in a tent in the city outside of Colormatic.
After maybe a year, nothing.
A day is about a gentleman that offers him to take it to lunch, after dinner, to drive.
It knows a group of people, which gives you a description.
It gets a little money to buy new clothes, money to send home to home, your family.
They present a young man.
It's finally home.
It starts a new life.
It has a life target.
A beautiful day in Manhattan, under a blue sky, it was a bomb car.
That child of that little village with dreams of great care was suicide terrorism, and that dynamic group of people were to the Sahara, an underground organization connected to the Qaeda.
So how do the story of a child in a small village trying to fulfill their dreams in the city end with him installing?
He was waiting.
I was waiting for an opportunity, hoping to start his future, waiting for a future perspective, and this was the first thing that came back.
This was the first thing that took it out of what we call "the specialization period."
And his story is repeated in urban centers around the world.
It's the story of the refugees -- young urban men who are unemployed in Brooklyn in Brooklyn, they want riots in London, who look for something beyond the period of superconductor."
For young people, the promise of the city, the great dream of the city is the opportunity of work, of work, of well-being, but young people don't participate in the prosperity of their cities.
It's often the youth that suffers from the highest unemployment.
By 2030, three of every five people living in cities will be under 18 years.
If we don't include the young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities, the story of the person of "the household -- the application of access to terrorism, to violence, to the conditions, will be the story of cities.
And in my hometown of birth, College, 70 percent of young people are unemployed.
70 percent don't work, don't go to school.
They don't do virtually anything.
I went back to Congo last month, and I went to visit the Indian Hospital.
I remember being in front of that school school basically thinking, and if I'd never been left?
What if I had seen forced to be on that same period of spin?"
Would it have become a terrorism?
I'm not really sure about the answer.
The reason I was in Congo that month was actually to go to a few juvenile leaders in a business community.
I went to about 90 ordinary youth leaders.
We sat down, and we had a rain of ideas about solutions to the big challenges facing the city.
One of the young people in the room was Adam.
He went to the University of Congress, graduated.
There was no work, no opportunity.
I remember when he said to me, that because it was a graduate college, desperate, frustrated, it was the perfect white for Al Sahara and other terrorist organizations, to be recruited to be recruited in.
They looked for people like it.
But this story takes a different path.
In Minister, the biggest obstacle to get to B is the streets.
Twenty years of civil war have completely destroyed the visual system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to move.
And then they saw an opportunity and he was blown up.
It started a motorcycle company.
He started flying blocked to local residents who normally couldn't buy them.
I bought 10 motors, with the help of his family and friends, and their dream is at some point to expand hundreds of monkeys over the next three years.
Why is this story?
What makes this story different?
I think your ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's the business spirit -- and I think the business spirit can be the most powerful tool against the period of support."
It led to young people to be the creators of economic opportunities that are looking for so desperately for them.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings, Mohamed Morrie, a transportation.
I was helping to train some of the young people at the top of business initiative, and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of business initiative.
In fact, it's the first flower that Congress has seen in more than 22 years, and until recently, until Mohamed came, if you wanted flowers to your wedding.
If you ask somebody, "When was the last time you saw free flowers from?
For those who grew up during civil war, the answer would be: Never.
So Mohamed saw an opportunity.
It started a landscape of language and floral design.
He created a farm outside of Minister, and he started to grow tentical and miles and little solid, who said, could survive the profit of Colormatic from Minister.
And it started the flow of flowers for northern, creating gardens in the homes, and the city companies, and now it's working on the creation of the first public park park in 25-year-old Chinese.
There is no public parks in Congo.
It wants to create a space where families are, young people, can go together, and like he says, smell the proverbial rats.
By the way, he doesn't grow pink because they use a lot of water.
So the first step is to inspire young people, and in that room, the presence of Mohamed had a really profound impact in young people.
They had never thought about starting a business.
They had thought about working for a NGOs, working for government, but their story, their innovation, really had a strong impact on them.
He forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity.
I encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs that could be a political change.
By the end of the day, they had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city.
They provided business solutions for local problems.
So inspiring young people and creating a business spirit is really a big step, but young people need capital to make their ideas reality.
They need experience and orientation to guide them in development and put into their business.
They connect young people with the resources that they need, send them the support they need to move from conception to creation, and create catalyst for urban growth.
For me, business spirit is more than starting a business.
It's to create a social impact.
Mohamed is not simply selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
His Peace Park, that's how it calls it, when it is created, to transform the way people see their city.
They stop the street to help rent and keep the motor for him.
He gave them the opportunity to escape the parasite of the hope of hope."
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact in their cities.
So my suggestion is: they turn young people in entrepreneurs, they listen to their inherent innovation, and you'll have more stories about flowers and parks of the peace that we forget and period of specialization."
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went to comment with my dad in the mountains of the Manhattan, an arrangement area north of New York City.
It was a beautiful day.
The forest message.
The sun made the leaves to shine as a virus, and not being on the way we went on, we could almost pretend that we were the first human beings to go through that land.
We get to our camp.
It was a convertigrafore in a visit with a beautiful Chinese lake when I discovered something horrible.
Behind the convergence there was a sand, from about four square feet with apple hearts with piece of aluminum balls, and old heat.
And I was soldier, I was very angry, incredibly confused.
The ants who were too lazy to pull out what they had done, who would think I was going to wipe their sand?
That question followed with me, and it became a little bit of it.
Who cleaned our sandwich?
No matter how they organize or where they put the study, who cleaned our trash in State?
Who cleaned our trash in Rio or in Paris or in London?
Here in New York City, the Department of Health clean our trash, at the reason of 11,000 tons of waste and two thousand tons of recyclable products every day.
I wanted to know them as individuals.
I wanted to understand who does that work.
What does it feel like to use the uniform and take that film?
So I started a research project with them.
I traveled in trucks and walked through their transportations and interviewed people in office and facilities across the city, and I learned a lot, but it was still an instrument.
I needed to go further.
So I started working as a trash rescue.
Now I didn't just travel in the trucks. I drive.
And I was operating the mechanical screens and the snow of the snow.
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning.
You all ask about smell.
It's there, but it's not as pretty precious as you believe, and in the days that it's very strong you get used quickly.
It costs a lot of human attacks.
I met people who had worked on it for several years and their bodies kept hitting the weight of getting on their blood tons of garbage every week.
There's also the danger.
According to the Bureau of African statistics, the collection of waste is one of the ten most dangerous charges in the country, and I learned the reason.
You're coming out and entering the traffic all day and they pass around you.
They just want to happen, so in general, the driver is not paying attention.
That's very bad for the job.
And also, the trash itself is filled with dangers that often fall off the truck and cause terrible damage.
I also learned about the substance of garbage.
When you go out of the class and you see a city from the back of the truck, you get to understand that garbage is like a force of nature in itself.
It never stops coming.
It's also like a form of breathing or circulation.
It should always be in motion.
And it's also the stigma.
It seems to me that stigma is especially ironic because I firmly believe that waste writers are the most important workforce in the city streets for three reasons.
They're the first public health protection.
If you don't get rid of the waste in efficient and effective ways every day, this starts to get rid of their container and your inherent dangers are threatened in very real ways.
diseases that we had controlled for decades and centuries come back and they start to give us.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old, we don't have space for what the engines of the economy start to fail when it's in danger of consumption.
I'm not advocating for capitalism, just to point out your relationship.
And then there's what I call our average average speed necessary.
And with that, I mean simply at the speed that we used to move into the contemporary time.
We usually don't care about it, and we don't repair or clean or take us with us our coffee cup -- our mouth of the citizens, our water bottle.
We use them, we looked at them, we forget about them, because we know that there is a force force on the other side to get rid of it.
So today I want to suggest to you a couple of ways of thinking about the collection of waste that maybe help reduce stigma and include them in that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
His work, I think, is almost antibiotic.
They are in the street every day, in a thermal way.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when to wait.
And his work allows us to do our work.
They're almost a form of relief.
The flow that keeps us out of ourselves, from our own waste waste, our details, and that flow always has to stay in a form or another.
One day after September 11th, 2001, I heard the gravity of a waste collection truck on the street, grabbed my little son, and there was a man doing his paper recycled journey as he did all the military.
And I tried to thank him for doing his work that particular day, but I started crying.
And he looked at me and just surprised, and he said, "We're going to be okay.
We're going to be okay."
Shortly after that, I started investigating the collection of waste and I went back to see that man.
It's called Paul, we worked together many times and we made good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
We're going to be okay.
But in our efforts to figure out how we exist on this planet as species we have to include and have in account all the costs, even the very real human cost of labor labor.
Medicine waste -- what we think when we talk about garbage -- they represent three percent of the amount of waste of the nation.
It's a remarkable statistics.
So in the flow of their days and their lives, the next one you see someone whose job is to clean the garbage of you, give me a moment to acknowledge them.
Take a moment to say thank you.
My work focuses in the connection to think of our community life forming part of the environment where architecture is naturally born from conditions and local traditions.
I brought two recent projects today like this.
Both projects are located in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia.
They also share the fact that different analysis from different perspectives become an essential part of the final work of architecture.
The first example started with an invitation to design a commercial center of several floors in the capital of Ethiopia, Addis San.
This is the kind of construction that showed us as an example, to my team and me, about what we had to design.
At first, the first thing I thought was, "I want to go on the correct."
After seeing some of these buildings there are many in the city we realized that there are three important aspects to jump out.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people can't afford to buy things.
Second, you need to employ a lot of energy because the performance with crystals generates heat inside the interior, so it takes a lot of cooling to it.
In a city where this shouldn't happen because it's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees all over the year.
And third, it has nothing to do with Africa or Stephane.
It's a shame trying to treat such a rich place in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, I was really curious with the old market that is this free air structure where thousands of people go and buy things every day to little breaks.
There's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought, that's what I really wanted to design, not a commercial mall.
But the question was how to build a building building, of various floors, applying these principles.
The next challenge was presented by the passion of the site, which is located in a area of a lot of growth in the city, where a lot of the buildings that we see in the picture, didn't exist.
And it's also between two parallel streets that don't communicate in a extension of hundreds of feet.
So the first thing we did was create a connection between these two streets, bringing all the inputs in the building.
And this spreads with an accelerated atrium, which creates a space outdoors in the building that will be completed, by its own shape, from sun and rain.
And around this space, we've applied the idea of market with small businesses, which changes in every floor because of the shape of space.
I also thought, how do you close the building?
I wanted to find a solution that responds to local climate conditions.
And I started thinking about a fabric similar to a computer cooperation with perfections to allow the air input and also the light, but in a lamp way.
And then we inspired these beautiful buttons of the self-signs of the states.
They have properties of fractal geometry, and this helped me to model the hardware.
We're building that with these little printed pieces that are the windows that allow you to pass air and light in a way controlled inside the building.
This is filled with these little crystals of colors that use the light inside the building to illuminate the building at night.
With these ideas it wasn't easy to convince developers because they thought, "That's not a commercial mall. It wasn't what we were protecting."
But ultimately, we all realized that this idea of the market turned out to be much more profitable than the commercial center because at the end of the account there was more local to sell.
And also the idea of the facade was much more economic -- not only because of the material in comparison to the glass, but because it wasn't necessary to have air conditioning anymore.
So we got certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve energy gas for the building in a city where electricity cuts almost every day.
So we got a big advantage by putting antibodies on the roof.
And then under those panels we think of the roof as a new public space with areas of meeting and bars that would create this urban bank.
And these patches on the roof, which together collect water for the health subs.
It waits for the beginning of the next year, because we go through the fifth floor of construction.
The second example is a master plan of 2,000 apartments and services in Tunisia.
And to do such a big project, the biggest that I had designed -- I needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia but also its environment, their tradition and the culture.
During that analysis I put special attention in the middle, a 1,000 years of ancient who were surrounded by a wall with it with a collection doors connected by almost straight lines.
When I went to the place, the first design operation that we did was to scale the existing streets -- creating 12 primary points similar in size and features that there are in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these parasites.
In addition to that, we select some strategic dots in relation to the idea of interconnected doors with straight lines, and this triggered the initial model.
And the last operation was to think about the cell, the small cell cell, like apartment, as a core part of the master plan.
I thought, what would be the best orientation for an apartment in media climate?
And it's story, because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house, and therefore a natural ventilation.
So we overcome a scheme that claims that most apartments are perfectly oriented in that direction.
And this is the result that is almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city.
It has these blocks with pathways, and then on the bottom plant, we have all the connections for pedestrians and the planet.
And it also responds to local norms that set greater density on higher levels and a lower density on the bottom plant.
And it also reinforces this idea of doors.
The ceiling, which is my favorite space of the project is almost how to distribute the community the space occupied by construction.
It's where all the neighbors can climb and support and do activities such as running a race of two miles in the morning, or jump from one building to another.
These two examples, they have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see cities literally grow.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in people's lives, changes communities and local economies at the same rate as buildings grow.
For this reason, I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple solutions, but affordable solutions, that improve the relationship between the community and the environment, and that they have as objective to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight years old, a new girl joined our class. It was so remarkable, as you see all the new girls.
He had large hair numbers and a little prime school, cute. It was very strong for the capital capital, very good for photography.
I ended up that year, and I was full of jealousy, until I brought my sinister plan.
I stayed a day after the school, I was a little late and hid in the bathroom of girls.
When the cost was broken, I walked out, I entered the classroom, took from my teacher to the book book.
And then, I did.
I altered the ratings of my rivals, just a little bit, just some of them.
All of that.  And I got back to return the book to the drawer -- but to see, some of my other peers had very good notes as well.
So in a slide, running the notes around the world, without any imagination.
I put all lines of Detroit and myself.
I still know what I did.
I don't understand how the idea came from.
I don't understand why I felt good.
I felt important.
I don't understand why I never caught me.
So everything was completely obvious.
They never discovered me.
But above all, I was able to get the reason why I was bothered by this little girl, so small, it was so good for photography.
I was intrigued by the cells.
They're so mysterious and so stressed.
We know that babies suffer from jealousy.
The primates. The blue birds are very prone too.
We know that the movies are the number one cause of murder murder in the United States.
And yet, I've never seen a study that includes the loneliness or the long duration or the sadness.
So you have to go to fiction, because novels are like the lab in which the cells are studied in all of its possible ways.
In fact, I don't know if it's a exaggeration to say that if there was no color, I would also have no literature.
Well, there was no Hello on the middle, there would be no "starter."
I wouldn't have king cell, no cells and a monkey."
There was no Sahara.
And the high school lists would disappear. Because we would be losing "The Paul and the Freud, there would be no "starting "shape and "The Freuds, there would be us from Mom Bangladesh and "Hander Kion."
Without cells, there's no Professor. I know it's fashionable to say that Research has the answers for everything, and in terms of the movies, almost it has all of them.
This year, 100 years of his masterpiece, "I was looking for the moment lost for "Peter and the most exquisite study of sexual collections, and also the ordinary competition, the mine, all we could have.  And thinking about President, we have the mental detail, right?
We think about a child trying to reconcile sleep.
We think of a degree that is stored in your band.
We forget about how hard that image is.
We forgot about how awesome it is.
I mean, this is books that Virginia Golden said were as hard as cat interview.
I don't know what the cat cat is, but we assume it's surprising.
Let's see why they're going so well together, the novel and the cells and the cells and Professor.
It's going to be very obvious as the cells, who are reduced to the person, to their wish, their prices, are a good solid basis well sandwich?
I don't know. I think we get very close to bone, when we think about what happens when we feel jealousy.
When we feel movies, we tell ourselves a story.
One story about other people, and those stories make us feel awful because they're designed for that, to make us feel wrong.
Being at the time of the factory and the audience, we know exactly what details include -- to change the knife -- right?
Colors make every amateur story, and that's something that Iran understand.
Everything that she does to give me pleasure could give pleasure to another, maybe right now."
And it starts to say to himself that story, and since then, President says that every fresh love that Sanda detects in his lover -- he adds it to his collection of torture instruments in his private camera.
You have to admit that Santa and President, they were remarkably color.
You know, New Yorkers would have to leave the country, if they wanted to break up with it.
But you don't have to be so easy to recognize that it's hard work. Right?
The movies are advanced.
It's a hungry emotion. You have to feed it.
And what are the cells?
The cells are able to get out of information.
The cells use the details.
Collections like the big little bit of bright hair, and the cute little bit of physicists.
The cells fall from the photos.
That's why Instagram is so successful --  It profits really well the language of the concept with the colors.
When Santa is in his cells of jealousy, he suddenly heard behind the doors and bribed to the windows of his lover and then defending those behaviors.
He says, "Look, I know that this is disgusting, but it's not different to the interpretation of an ancient text or looking at a monkey."
He says, "It's scientific research with real intellectual value."
Protest is trying to show that the cells are self-resolution and they make us seem absurd, but in their mind, they are search for knowledge, search of the truth, a painful truth -- in fact, to what I consume consumers the most, the more painful, the better.
The pain, the plastics, the loss, these were the pathways to the wisdom of President.
He says, "A woman who makes us suffer -- it makes us suffer in us a much deeper and more profound sense of feelings than a wise man who can interest us.
Is it telling us that we're going to look for species crazy?
No. I think it's trying to say that films reveal ourselves.
And there is some other emotion that makes us open in this particular way?
Is there any other emotion giving us our organizations, our horrible ambition and our rights?
Any other emotion that teaches us to look forward so profoundly so profoundly?
Freud would write about this later.
One day, Freud was visited by a very unusual young man who was consumed with the idea that his wife was going to deceive it.
And Freud says that there was something weird about that man, who was not looking at what his wife did.
Well, she was incredible. Everybody knew it.
The poor creature was low without any cause.
But he was looking for things that his wife did, without realizing increased behaviors.
Does it sound too much? Or do you do accidentally with a man?
Freud says that the man was becoming the picture of his wife's increase.
The novels are very good at this.
The novels describe very well how cells do us to look with intensity but without accuracy.
In fact, the more intense we are, the more we become residents of fantasy.
And for this reason, I think, cells lead us to make violent or illegal act.
The cells propelled us to behave completely invisible ways.
Now I'm thinking about me at eight years, I recognize it. But I'm also thinking about this story I heard in the news.
A Mad woman of 12 years old, was captured by creating a fake account on Facebook from the one that was sent to the vision messages -- awful to himself, for a year.
For a year. A year.
She was trying to instill the new girlfriend of his baby bank, and I have to confess that when or this, reacted with admiration when or this, reacted it.
Because, let's be realistic.
What's huge -- though fraction, creativity. Right?
It's kind of a novel.
Like a novel of Arasis Allie.
Manyas is one of my favorites.
She's a very strange and brilliant character.
It's the author of "The "Trade in a "Train and "The Talk Mr. "Government, books that are trying to make the movies, confuse our minds, and once we are in the sphere, in the realm of the movies, the membrane that separates what it might be, can be profitable in a second.
Take Tom Kelly, his most famous character.
Tom Golf is going to want to want or want what you're going to get out of your self and get rid of what you ever had, and it's under the floor, responding to your name, he puts your rings up, empty your bank accounts.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We cannot take Tom Kelly.
I can't give you all around the world, as much as I would like to.
It's a pity, because we live in times of envy.
We live in cents of jealousy.
I mean, are we good citizens, social networks, where the currency is the investment? Right?
The novels show us the life? I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what characters always do when they're not sure, when they're in front of a mystery.
Let's go to Jack de Barrie Street and ask for She by She She was asking School Jores.
When people think about TED, you think about the curse.
But I've always preferred the "The Enrich Francisco, the head face of San Park from Santa Archive who needs Joellar desperately -- needs the genius of Joshua, but it upset.
Oh, it sounds so familiar.
He shows his help, but it senses it, and it bubble with sheet in the each of the mysteries of the mystery.
But as they work together, something starts changing, and finally in "The Verie of the six Newships, once Johnson comes in, he would take all of them up with his solution, Letach back to Joshuan and says, "We're not concerned, Mr. Jores.
We're proud of you."
And he tells him that there's no person in Santa Park who didn't want to shake my hand.
It's one of the few times that we see Long resulted in history. I think this is really exciting -- that scene is also mysterious, right?
It seems to treat cells as a problem of geometry, without emotion.
You know, in a minute Joshua is the opposite side of Letachear.
The next minute are the same side.
All of a sudden, Letach is allowed to admire that idea of being his performance.
Could it still be so simple.
What if movies are really a matter of geometry, just a question where we allow ourselves to be in relation to the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to get rid of the excellence of the other.
We can swim with it.
But I like the emergency plans.
So as long as we wait for that, we remember that we have the fiction to comfort ourselves.
Just democracy character cells.
The fiction used the telescopes, invites them to the table.
And look at what I passed on -- the sweet Letach detector, the lander Tom River, the same March Professor.
We're in excellent company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21, 1969, Buzz Aldrin jumped out of the block of Apollo 11 and descended over the Marine Sea.
Armstrong and Alberto were alone, but their presence in the gray surface was the culmination of a conventious collective process.
The Apollo program was the largest mobility of peace in the history of America.
To get to the moon, NASA spent about 180 billion dollars of today, or four percent of the federal budget.
The Apollo gave it work to about 400,000 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies.
They died people, including the plate of Apollo 1.
But before the Apollo program ended, 24 men traveled to the moon.
He says they walked on top of their surface, that Android after the death of Armstrong last year, is now the oldest one.
So, why were they?
They didn't have a lot of the come back, 38 kilos of old rock old, and something that the 24 will explode later, a new sense of the small and the fragility of our common home.
Why were they? The cynical answer is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to show the Soviets that this nation had better rockets.
But the words of Kennedy at the University of Rice in 1962, they give us a better idea.
John F. Venture. Some ask, why the moon India?
Why do we turn it into our goals?
And you could also ask, why do you scale the highest mountain mountain?
35 years ago, why will I fly about the Alice?
Why does it play Rice against Texas?
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon.
We choose to go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're hard.
Jason Panth: For the controls, the Apollo wasn't just a victory of the West about this in the Cold War.
At the time, the strongest emotion was to wonder to the transcendence, of the power of the technology.
They were because it was a great thing to do it.
The landing on the moon happened in a context of a long list of technological transplants.
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and the airplane, the penicillin and the vaccine for tuberculosis.
In the middle of the century, polio was eradicated and removed smallpox.
Technology seemed to ask what Alvin Polar in 1970 called "Stephan "war."
For most of the history of humanity, we couldn't go faster than a horse or a ship with candle -- but in 1969, the policy of Apollo 10 flew to 40,000 miles or hour.
Since 1970, no human being human has come back to the moon.
No one has traveled faster than Apollo 10, and the optimism bias about the power of technology has been separated by looking at that problems that we imagine as going to Mars, create clean energy, cure cancer, or feeding the world's population seem to have been interesting results.
I remember looking at the Apollo 17.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that he didn't look at the state of the concern of the Congo School concept of the Sandy Sandy.
I knew that this would be the last conclusion, but I was completely sure that I would see the colonies on Mars.
So that from something happened to our ability to solve problems with technology has become a common place.
We hear it all the time.
We've heard it for the last two days here, at TED.
It seems like the technologists would have distorted us and interviewed with trivial toys, things like an iPhone, apps and social networks, or algorithms that speed up the automated sale.
There's nothing wrong with most of these things.
They've expanded and enriched our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There's a parallel explanation in Silicon Valley, who trust that they've created less ambitious companies than the years in which Intel instantly, Microsoft, Apple and Gene.
Silicon Valley says that markets are the guilty, in particular, the incentives that venture capitalists are offered to business.
Silicon Valley says that risk investment caused the creation of information ideas for the funding of incremental problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
It really explains what's wrong in Silicon Valley.
Even when the risk capitalists were at their final point without worrying about risk, they would prefer little investment, male investments that they could go out in 10 years.
The Carlions have always had problems to invest in technologies as energy, which need a huge capital and what development is long-term -- they've never invested in the development of dedicated technologies to solve big problems because they don't have an immediate commercial value.
No, the reasons we can't solve the big problems are more complicated and profound.
Sometimes, we choose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we wanted to.
NASA has even designed a plan.
But going to Mars required a political decision that was popular, and that will never happen.
We don't go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth.
Sometimes, we can't solve the big problems because political systems fail.
Less than two percent of global energy consumption comes from renewable energy sources like solar and wind and drilling. Less than two percent, and the reason is completely cheap.
coal and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind, and oil is cheaper than the discrimination.
We want alternative energy sources that can compete in price. There are no exist.
Now, technologists, entrepreneurs and economists agree about what policies and treated international treaties incentives development of an alternative energy -- mostly a significant increase in research and energy development, and some kind of control of the coal price of coal.
But there is no hope in the political climate climate that we will see an energy policy of America or international treaties that reflect that consensus.
Sometimes, the big problems that seem technological, it turns out not to be.
We know for the time that famines are the result of failure.
But 30 years of research have taught us that famines are political crisis that affect the distribution of food.
Technology can improve things like the harvest or the systems for storage and food compared to food, but there will be famines as there were bad government.
Finally, the big problems sometimes lead a solution because we don't understand the problem.
President Nixon declared the war cancer in 1971, but soon we found that there are many kinds of cancer, some terrible resistant of treatment, and only in the last 10 years, they seem to have found effective and viable treatments.
Hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we couldn't solve the problems with technology.
We can and we should, but these four elements have to be present: political leaders and population must want to solve the problem -- institutions must support the solution: it must be really about technological problem, and we need to understand it.
The Apollo mission, which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems, with those criteria completely.
But it's a productive model in the future.
We're not in 1966.
There's no competition of a reservative competition like the Cold War, there's no policy like John Kennedy who makes the hard and the dangerous, and there's no popular science of science fiction as the one of the solar system.
In general, going to the moon turned out to be simple.
I was just three days.
And really, it wasn't even solving any problem.
We're alone in our present, and the solutions of the future will be harder to get.
God knows that we don't lack the challenges.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about trust, and I'm going to start by remembering the widespread ideas that are about trust.
They're so common that they've become cliche in our society.
I think it's three.
The first one is a remind, there's been a huge decrease of trust, it's a very pervasive belief.
The second is a goal, we should have more confidence.
And the third is a reaction: we should recover trust.
I think that we think about it, the goal and the task has been badly interested.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a remember, an objective and a task, which I think gives you a more clear idea about it.
First of all, why do people think that trust has distant?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I bow to think that it may have declined in some activities or institutions and that might have increased in others.
I'm not sure.
But I can go back to the polls of opinion, and the opinion polls are supposedly the source of the belief that trust has decreased.
When you look at the opinion polls over time, there's no evidence of it.
I mean, the people who were respected 20 years ago, mostly journalists and politicians, continue to inspire the same destruction.
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years ago are still quite confidence, judges, nurses.
The rest of us are in the middle, and by the way, the average citizen of the street is almost exactly halfway half the way.
But is this evidence enough?
What the opinion survey polls are, of course, opinions themselves.
What else can you record?
What you see are the generic attitudes that people are asking when they ask them certain questions.
Does it trust the politicians -- trust the monkeys?
Now, if someone asked you, "Do you trust the reserves?
Do you trust the metaphors?
Do you trust the elementary teachers.
You probably started to ask, "What do you do?
And that would be a very sensible answer.
And you might say, when you've answered your question, "Well, trust me, but in other non-expected.
Which is very rational.
Ultimately, in real life, we tend to identify trust in a difference.
We don't assume that the level of confidence that we're going to feel for a certain type of filmmaker, works or type of person, is going to be uniform in all cases.
I could, for example, to say that I trust a certain master of primary primary I know to give you the kind of reading, but in any way to drive the school microbes.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good driver.
I could trust my most crazy friend to keep a conversation, but no, maybe to keep a secret.
Simple.
And if we've obtained those evidence in our everyday lives in the way trust is differences, why do we leave all that knowledge when we think about trust in a more abstract way?
I think the surveys are very bad tools to measure the true level of real trust, because they try to solve the good inherent judgment in fact to trust something or in somebody.
Secondly, what about the goal?
The goal is to have more confidence.
Frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
This is not the goal that I would show.
I would think of having more confidence in what is a bit of trust, but not what it is.
Ultimately, I'm a chance of not trust what is not reliable.
And I think those people who were explaining their savings with the very rightly named Mr. Marshall, who then disappeared with them, I think of them, and I think, well, yeah, they were too confident.
Having more confidence is not an intelligent goal in this life.
Conference is deposited or denied with intelligence, that's the right target.
Once you say, yes, well, that means that what matters first is not trust, but trustworthiness.
What's about doing a judgment about how reliable people are in certain ways.
And I think to be able to make a trial, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are they competitions? Are they technologies? Are they responsible?
And if you find that one person is competent in the relevant matter, and it's responsible and honest then we'll have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be worthy of trust.
But if, in contrast, they're not responsible -- we couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are competitive and honest, but I wouldn't trust them to take a letter to the mail because they're an accident.
I have friends who are very sure that they can do certain things, but I see that they overestimate their own competition.
And I'm happy to say that I think I don't have a lot of friends who are competitive and responsible but extremely antibiotic.
If it is, I haven't been stuck.
But that's what we're looking for, confidence before trust.
The trust is the answer.
The trust is what we have to judge with.
And of course, it's hard.
Over the last few decades, we've tried to build systems of accountability systems for all kinds of institutions, professionals, officials and such, that make us easier the task of judge their trustworthiness.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should.
I remember once I was talking to a party and he said, "Well, you see, the problem is that it takes more time to make the administrative paper than the car stop.
And we found the same problem in all our public life, and institutional life, that the accountability system that is destined to ensure trust and evidence tests actually are doing the opposite.
What they do is to draw the work of people who have to make difficult tasks, like the parts, demanding that "Hey the schools as we say.
I sure you all know similar examples.
All of that, for the goal.
I think the goal should be more trust, and that things would be different if we were trying to be worthy of trust, and we would convey to people who are reliable and if we try to determine whether other people, functional or political people are worthy of trust.
It's not easy. It's the trial, the simple actions, the attitudes that don't do properly.
Third, the task.
Call the task rebuild trust, puts things backwards.
It suggests that you and I should rebuild trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can rebuild a little bit of trustworthiness.
We can do it if they're two people, together, trying to improve trust.
But trust itself, in definition, is different because of other people.
You can't reconstruct what other people have given you.
You have to give them enough bases to trust you.
You have to be worthy of trust.
And that, of course, is because you can't shake, usually all people, all the time.
But you also have to provide hot evidence that you're worthy of trust.
How do you do that?
That makes every day, everywhere, does the common people, the workers, the institutions, the very effectively.
I'll give you a simple commercial example.
The store where I bought my socks says that I can give them no explanation.
I take them back and give me the money, or you change them for the color that I want.
That's great. I trust them because they became vulnerable to me.
I think there's a great lesson in that.
If you become vulnerable to the other part, that's a very good proof that you're worthy of trust, and you have trust in what you're saying.
So, at the end, I think that what we're looking at is not a very difficult thing to destroy.
What people trust is in relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust.
Thank you.
From the beginning of computers we've been striving to reduce the separation between us and digital information, the separation between our material world and the world of the screen where the imagination can be come down.
This separation has been reduced, increasingly, and more, at such a point that today is less than one millimeter, the thickness of the glass of a tactile screen, and the power of computing has become accessible to everybody.
But I ask myself, and if there were no words?
I started imagining how it would be.
First, I created this tool that goes into digital space, so that when the strong struggle against the screen transfers its physical body to put them out.
Designers can apply their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice with virtual organs under the screen.
So with this tool, the barriers broke down.
But the two hands remain still outside the screen.
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using all the dexterity of your hands?
In the Chicago College College of Microsoft, along with my mentor Carter Bangladesh, repeated the computer and transformed a small space on the keyboard in a digital area of work.
It combining a transparent bombsight with deep cameras to detect the fingers and the face, now you can raise the hands of the keyboard, get inside of the 3D space, and grab them directly with your hands.
As windows and archives have a location in real space, select them is as easy as taking a book from a stage.
You can play the book and stretch lines or words with the virtual tactile sensor that there are down every floating screen.
architects can stretch or rotate their materials directly with hands.
In these examples, we enter the digital world.
What if we invest the papers and make digital information comes to us?
Surely, many of us will have bought and narrow things on the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry about.
What I have here is a virtual robot on the Internet.
This is the vision you get from a single device in your head or transparent when the system understands the geometry of your body.
If we take this idea further, I thought, instead of just seeing pixels in space, how can we make them physical so that we can touch them and feel it?
How would a future be like that?
At the MIT Media Lab, with my tutor Hiroshi Space and my collaborator High Designer, we created this only physical police.
This raw magnet is behaving like a population in 3D in space, which means that the computer as the users can move the object anywhere within this little three-dimensional space.
Simility, what we did was inside the gravity and control the movement through a combination of magnetic levitation and mechanical and detectors and electronics.
And when we program the object, we release it from time constraints and space, which means that human movements can record and go back to reproduce and stay forever in the physical world.
You can teach physically and distance and the famous shot of Michael Jordan, you can reproduce as a physical reality the times we want.
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the movement of planets, the physics, and unlike the monitor, or textbooks, this is a real and palpable experience that you can touch and feel. It's very powerful.
But what's more fascinating than changing the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities.
As you can see, digital information is not just going to show us something but to start acting directly on us as part of the physical world around us without having to get rid of our world.
We started the talk today talking about a barrier, but if we suppress that barrier, the only limit that remains is our imagination.
Thank you.
I was trained to become a gym for two years in Canada, China, in the '70s.
When I was in first grade, the government wanted to transfer a school for athletes with all the paid.
But my tiger mother said, "No."
My parents wanted me to become engineering, like them.
After surviving the Cultural Revolution, they believed firmly that there was only a close way to happiness -- a safe and well regularly.
No matter if the work would like or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese party.
This was me, in my imaginary piano.
A long singer must start training from very young from very young to learn the carefully, so I tried everything I could to go to the opera school.
I wrote to the director of school and a radio show.
But at no adult, I read the idea.
No adult took me seriously.
Just my friends supported me, but they were kids, without authority, like me.
So at the age of 15 years, I knew it was too much greater to train.
My dream would never be done.
I feared that during the rest of my life a happiness of second class was the only thing I could aspire to.
And this was so unfair.
So I tried to look for another voice.
No one to my around wanted to teach me? Okay.
I remember books.
"Am "Camera Male "Camera "Look at Hand Harvard High History, "The Hinder of Nations Had come to the United States in 1995, and what were the first books that I read here?
Those who were forbidden in China, of course.
"The Good Earth is about Chinese principle life.
And it's not convenient propaganda.
The Bible is interesting, but strange.
That's a topic for another day.
But the fifth commandment for me was a revolution, "Hey to your father and your mother."
Hell, I said, "I'm so different, and much better than predicting it."
So it became my tool to get out of this film of guilt guilt and to reset my relationship with my parents.
The encounter with a new culture also gave place to my comparative reading.
It was a lot of perspectives.
For example, this map seemed to me outside because this is what students in China learn.
I had never occurred to me, that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map involves people's perspective.
Compassion is not something new.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There is to research camps like comparative religion and comparative literature.
Compare and contract, it offers the academics a deeper understanding of a subject.
And I thought if the comparative reading worked for research, why not do it also in everyday life?
So I started reading books from two.
You can treat people Brook Basical Barrier "Thank "Don't figure out of David Michael who were involved in a same case, or friends with shared experiences.
For the Earth, the temptation are economic, policies and spiritual temptation.
For Buddha, they're all psychologists, lust, fear and social -- interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages.
"The road of Congo Tony The Hall "The Hand All The "The Theory Allen Way "That I found out the translation can be won a lot of it.
For example, it's through the translation that I realized is that "decision-making in Chinese literally means "which "I fast fast, "Oh.
And "I have "neighborhood in Chinese, literally means new mother." </s> "doubt."
The books opened me a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present.
I know I'm not going to be feeling alone or powerless ever.
Having a disabled dream is not really compared to what many others have suffered with.
I've come to believe that reality is not the only purpose of a dream.
Their most important purpose is to connect with the place that dreams come from, where the passion comes from.
Until a dream dream can do that for you.
And it's because of the books, which I'm here, happy, living again with purpose and clarity, most of the time.
So books always accompanied them.
Thank you.
Thank you.  Thank you.
When I was in my 20s, I saw my first parallel of psychologist.
I was a documentary student in clinical psychology in Berkeley.
She was a 16-year-old woman named Alex.
Alex walked into the first session using cowboy and a polio paper, he threw into the couch of my office took off the shoes and told me I wanted to talk about his problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so supermarket.
My classmates had a paradigm like the first client.
And I got a reporter that I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could handle it.
But I didn't.
With the Chinese stories that Alex brought to the sessions, it made me easy to move the head while we went through the solution.
"The trips are the new views: Alexander said, Alexander, and by what I saw, she was right.
You start working after that, you get married after that, you have kids later, until death happens later.
For the reporters like Alex and I had time on it.
But soon after, my surface pushed me to push Alex to talk about her loved life.
I was scared.
I said, "Sure, he's coming out with guys under your category -- you get honest with a head head, but it's not like it was going to marry him."
And then my squad said, "I don't know, but maybe it's married with the next one.
In addition, the best time to work on the marriage of Alex is before you marry.
This is what psychologists call a point "at a moment.
It was when I realized that the 1930s are not the new 20.
Yes, people feel head after what they used to, but this didn't make the 20 of Alex to be a pause in their development.
This made the 20 in Alex the perfect moment, and we were wasting it.
So I realized that this kind of benign recklessness was a real problem and had real consequences -- not only for Alex and his loving life, but for the careers, the families and the future futures everywhere.
There are 50 million passengers in the United States, today.
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if you consider that no one comes to adulthood without going through the 1990s.
Raise your hand if you're in your 20.
I want to see the bands here.
Oh, yeah! They're amazing.
If you work with bread, you love a virus, you take your dream out of your book, I want to see -- it's good. Incredible.
This is not just my opinion. These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will happen at 35 years.
This means that eight of every 10 and expertise and moments and moments "I would stand on "Stephen," they have been shaped by the time they have 30 and so on.
People from over 40, they don't train in panic.
This audience is going to be good, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an exponential impact about how much money they will gain.
We know that more than half of Americans are married, they live or they're coming out with their future partner at 30 years.
We know that the brain ends up its second and final stage of growth in its 20s and is programmed for adulthood, which means that if there's something you want to change from itself, now it's the moment to change it.
We know that the personality changes more times during 20 than any other moment in life, and we know that female fertility comes to the 28, and things become complicated at 35 percent.
The 20 are the time to educate about their body and their options.
When we think about the child's development, we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain.
It's a moment in which his daily life and common life has a designed impact on the person who will become a distributed impact.
But what we don't listen to often is that there's something called adult development and our 20 are a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what the events are listening.
The newspapers talk about changes at the time of the adulthood.
The researchers call the 20 an extended adolescence.
The journalists give them ridiculous names to the beetles like "The "Textbook and "The "Textbooks and "The "starters."
It's true.
As a culture, we've considered a trivial, which is actually the decade that defines adulthood.
Leonardo Berner said that to make big things, you need a plan and not enough time.
Isn't it true?
What do you think that happens when they give you a bathroom in your head and say, "Do you have another 10 years to start your life?
Nothing happens.
They stole that person the sense of urgency and their ambition and it doesn't happen absolutely anything.
And then every day, smart interviews, interesting like you or your children and daughters come to my office and say something like this: "I know my girlfriend is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't count, I'm just killing time."
Or they say, "Everybody says that as you start a career before 30, everything will be okay."
But then it starts to sound like this: "My 20 percent are in the end, and I still have nothing to show you.
I had better cure the day I graduated from college.
And then it starts to sound like this: "My dates during the 20 were like the college game.
They all run and they were fun, but then at some point around the 30, it turned out the music and everybody started to sit down.
I didn't want to be the only one who would stand up, so I sometimes think I married my husband because he was the closest chair when I was 30.
Where are the versions here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little extreme, but you don't get wrong, the risks are very high.
When you leave a lot of things for the 1930s -- there's a huge pressure to the nutrients and so many of you start a career, pick up a city, pick up a city, and have two or three children in a much shortest period of time.
Many of these things are not complex, and there are research that you start to show, which is much more difficult and stressful to do everything at the age of 30.
The crisis of the average age is not about buying red sports cars.
It's about realizing that you can't have the career you want now.
Realizing you can't have the son you want now, or you can't give you a brother to your son.
Many nutrients and bodies look at themselves, and I sat in the room, and they talk about their 20, "What was I doing? What was I thinking?"
I want to change what the events are doing and thinking.
Here's a story of how it could be.
It's a story about a woman named Momma.
At 25, Emma came to my office because I was, in his own words, having an identity crisis.
He said that I'd like to work in art or entertainment, but you still couldn't decide, so I spent the last few years working like I wanted to.
And as I was cheaper, I lived with a girlfriend who showed more temperature than ambition.
And even though they lived about 20 very hard, their previous life had been even more difficult.
He cried often in our sessions, but then she kept himself up to say, "You don't choose his family, but he can choose your friends."
Well, one day Emma got his head on his legs and cried for almost every hour.
I just bought a new bookstore for a principal, and had spent the whole morning with his many contacts, but then he was looking at the empty space that follows after the words "In the case of emergency -- please call it ..."
I was at the point of the story when he saw me and said, "Who's going to be for me if I have a car accident.
Who is going to take care of if I get cancer?
At that time, I showed a lot of work to resist and not say, "Aye."
What Emma needed was not a service that really was worried.
Emma needed a better life, and I knew this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex to just sit while the decisive decade of Emma was going on.
So for the next few weeks and months, I said to Emma three things that all of you, men or woman, deserves to know.
First, I told Emma to forget about that identity of identity and it gets identity capital.
For identity capital, I mean doing something that comes value to your person.
Doing something that is an investment in what they want to be next.
I didn't know the future of the career of Emma career, and nobody knows the future of work, but I know this: capital.
So now it's the moment for that work on the other side of the country, of that interior, of that company that you want to test.
I'm not looking at the research exploration, I'm looking at the exploration that shouldn't count, which, by the way, is not exploration.
It's property.
I told Emma to explore jobs and make them count.
Secondly, I told Emma that urban tribes are disappeared.
The best friends are excellent to take them to the airport, but the videos that are together with similar minds are limited to who you know, what they know, how they think, how they talk, and where they work.
That new piece of capital that new piece of capital -- that new person who will go out there almost always comes from its closest circle.
The new things come from what they're called healthy friends of friends of friends of friends.
Yes, half of the virgins have a bad job, or they don't have work.
But the other half won't, and the weak links are the way to cultivate this group.
Half of the jobs created never published, then knowing the boss of your neighbor is the way to get a job not published.
It's not cheating. It's the science of how information is happening.
For the last but not least, Emma believed that you don't choose your family, but I know your friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as a service, Emma soon chose his family, when he has a partner and it shapes his own family.
I told Emma that time to choose his family had arrived.
You may think that 30 is better age to sit than the 20 or even 25 and I agree with you.
But choosing the person with whom you live right now or now when everyone in Facebook starts to walk towards the altar.
The best moment to work on your marriage is before you have it, and that means being as intentional in love as you're at work.
To choose your family must be a conscious choice of who and what you want instead of just doing it or kill time with whom you choose to you.
So what about Mom?
Well, we looked at that principal, and she found the roommate of a cousin that worked in a museum museum in another state.
This weak link helped him get a job there.
That work of work gave him a reason to leave the bride that I lived with.
Now, five years later, this is special organizing computers in museums.
This married with a man who chose constantly.
I love his new career, love his new family, and I send myself a letter that said, "Now the emergency acts are not big enough enough.
The story of Emma can sound easy, but that's what I love to work with services.
It's very easy to help them.
The virgins are like planes coming out of the airport of Los Angeles, which go somewhere from the West.
Just before the stress is supposed, a slight fit in its trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in Linco.
In the same way, at age 21, and even at 2020, a good conversation, a good conversation, a good TED Talk, can have huge effects in the next few years or even in the next generation.
Here's my idea of spreading all the passengers that you know.
It's as simple as what I learned to say to Alex.
It's what I now have the privilege to say to reporters like Emma every single day -- the nuts are not the new 20, they claim their adulthood, they get identity capital, use their weak vehicles, pick your family.
Don't let you define why they didn't know or what they didn't do.
They're deciding their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very successful job in general consulting for a job that was even more exceptional, the decision.
I went to teach them mathematics to graduate students in New York public schools.
And as any professor, I applied tests and tests.
You give them tasks.
When work comes back, it calculates the grades.
What struck me was that Chile, it wasn't the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of them who had a better performance did not have pursuit of Colored contractors.
Some of my smartest children were not going so well.
And that started to think.
The kind of thing that you need to learn in mathematics in seventh grade, secure, are difficult, proportions, the area of a perfection.
But these concepts are not impossible, and I was very convinced that every one of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and during enough time.
After several years later, I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivated perspective, from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure the best way.
But what if you're going to succeed in school and in life depends on much more than the ability to learn in fast and easy way?
So I left the classrooms and I went to college to become a psychologist.
I started studying kids and adults in all sorts of challenging scales, and in every study my question was, who is successful here and why?
My research team and I went to the military Academy.
We tried to predict what the streets were going to stay in military training and who would be ready.
We went to the National National Group and we tried to predict what kids would pass away from the competition.
We studied innovative teachers working in really difficult neighborhoods, asking ourselves what teachers are still teaching for the end of the school year and those who will be the most effective to improve the learning of their students.
We partnered with private companies, asking yourself, which of these marketers are going to keep their job off?
And who's going to make more money?
In all these very different contexts, it emerged a feature like a very important success of success.
And it wasn't social intelligence.
It wasn't the good attention, the physical health and wasn't the Child.
It was defending.
The determination is passion and sensitivity to achieve very long-term goals.
The determination is to have resistance.
The determination is to beat their future, day after day, not just for the week, not just for the month, but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality.
The determination is to live life as if it was a marathon.
A few years ago, I started studying the determination in the public schools in Chicago.
I asked thousands of high school students to do my determination conferences and then waited about more than a year to see who would be free.
It turns out that children with more determination had significantly bigger likely to graduate -- even when I put them in every feature that I could measure, things like family income, the results of standardized tests, even the security they felt children when they were in school.
So it's not only in West Point, or at the National National Group in which it matters defending. It's also in school, especially for children at risk of abandon it.
To me, the most shocking thing about determination is the little thing that we know, the little thing that science knows about development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "How do you develop determination in children?
What should I do to teach kids a solid ethical work?
How do you keep them motivated for the long paradism?"
The most honest answer is: I don't know.  What I do know is that talent doesn't give them any decline.
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals who simply don't keep forward with their commitment.
In fact, in our data, the decline is commonly not related or is even related to the talent measurements.
Up until now, the best idea I've heard about developing definition in kids is something called growth "called."
This is an idea developed at Stanford University, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed -- that it can change with effort.
Dr. Depression has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes and grow in response to the challenge, they are much more likely to retain when they fail, because they don't think that failure is a permanent condition.
So growth mindset is a great idea to develop defense.
But we need more.
And that's where my speech, because that's where we are.
That's the work we have on the front.
We need to take our best ideas, our stronger institutions, and we need to test them.
We need to measure if they have been successful and we need to be willing to fail, to wrong, to start all again with the lessons that you learn.
In other words, we need to be determined about making our children more apart.
Thank you.
Growing in Taiwan as the daughter of a cathedral, one of my most scary memories is my mother showing the beauty, the shape and the shape of Chinese characters.
Since that moment, I was amazed by this incredible language.
But for an architecture, it seems to be as interesting as the Great Wall Mars.
Over the last few years, I've been wondering if I can throw this wall, so that it is that you want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it.
I started thinking about how a new and quick method of learning Chinese could be useful.
Since I was five years old, I started learning how to draw each of the pieces of every character in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years.
Since we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and simple way.
A Chinese academics would understand 20,000 characters.
You only need a thousand to understand basic literacy.
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic literature -- enough to read signals of transit mentors, to understand the basic idea of websites or newspapers.
I'm going to start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are you ready?
They open their mouth as much as possible until it is square.
They get a mouth.
This is a person who's going to give a walk.
People.
If the shape of fire is a person with arms on both sides, as if I was screaming differently, "I am standing on this: This symbol is actually original in the shape of the call, but I like to believe that it's the other way. The one that works.
This is a tree.
tree tree.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The symbol of the door looks like a couple of doors from an old singer in the old West.
I call these eight characters.
They're building blocks to create many more characters.
A person.
If someone walks back, that's next?
As the ancient said, two are company, three are familiar.
If one person would look at their arms, this person is saying "I was that big.
The person within the mouth, the person is stuck.
It's a prisoner as Jesus inside the whale.
A tree is a tree, two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
Put a chart under the tree, we have the foundation.
Put a mouth on the tree, that's a note."  easy to remember, because a nice tree is pretty identified.
Remember the fire.
Two courses together, it's very hot.
Three fire. That's a lot of flames.
Put the fire under the two trees, that is burned.
For us, the sun is the source of prosperity.
Two silence together, property.
Three together, those are the filters.
Put the sun and the moon shining together, that's the biology.
It also means tomorrow, after one day and a night.
The sun comes out on the horizon. You know.
A door. Put a table inside the door, is the red below.
Put a mouth inside the door, ask questions.
Did I have somebody at home?
This person is coming out of a door of a door, speaking on it.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discussing them.
Three women together, they have care is adult.
So we've gone for almost 30 characters.
By using this method, the first eight diamonds will allow you to build 32.
The next group of eight characters will build another 32 percent.
So with every little effort, you will be able to learn a couple hundred partners, which is the same thing that you learn a eight year-old Chinese.
So after knowing the characters, we started creating sentences.
For example, the mountain and fire together, we have a fire. It's a volcano.
We know Japan is the land of the nation sun.
This is a sun placed with the origin because Japan is east in China.
So a sun next to the origin created Japan.
One person behind Japan, what do we have?
A Japanese person.
The character on the left is two mountains attached one on the other.
In ancient China, that meant excellent, because Chinese emperor would destroy their political enemies beyond the mountains.
Today, the exile.
A mouth that tells you where to go out is a date.
This is a slide to remind me that I should stop talking and go down the stage. Thank you.
What I prefer to be dad is movies that I come to see.
I love sharing my favorite films with my kids, when my daughter was four years old, we saw the magician of Oz together.
The movie mastered its imagination for months.
His favorite character was Glenn, of course.
He gave him a good excuse to use a bright dress and take a magic wand in.
But when you see that movie so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
We now live and we raised our children in a kind of industrial complexity of child fantasy.
However, the magician of Oz was an event in itself.
It didn't start that trend.
The trend really took a lot of years later with it, interestingly, another film whose prototypes, a metal of metal and a young boy would rescue a girl dressed as an enemy of the enemy.
Do you know what I'm talking about?  Yeah.
There's a big difference between these two films, there are a couple of big differences between the fall of Oz and all the movies that we see today.
One is that there's very little violence in the fall of C.
The monkeys are pretty aggressive, like the apples.
But I think if the magician of Oz was done today, the magician would say, "However, you're the land of Oz as the teacher predicted it.
You use magic shoes to defeat the carbon computer-generated markets.
But that's not what happens.
Another unique thing about the magician of Oz is that the most heroic characters and wise and even big people are women.
I started to notice this when I did Star Wars to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that time, I also had a son.
Just three years old.
It wasn't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second son, and the prison level had gone down.  And so he was sliding in the room and she was impressed as a mom with his patterns behind her behind, and I don't think he understood what happened, but surely, absorbed everything.
I wonder what it did.
Would you be issues of values, sensitivity and leg?
Would you have the feeling that Luke is one of a military to overthrowing the government?
Let's compare this with the microscope of June 1980.
How do you win Doerness?
making good friends with everyone and being a leader.
It's the kind of world that I want my children to grow up, OK? And not a world of men who fight, which is where we are.
Why is there so much force capital food, force in the movies for our children, and so little on the path of yellow molecules?
There's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence movies in girls, and they should read it. It's very good.
I haven't read so much about how kids react to this teacher.
I know of experience that the Queen princess doesn't provide the right frame that I would have served to navigate the world of adults which is military.  I think at the time of the first kiss. I really expected the credit to start to appear because it's the end of the film, right?
My search has done, I have nationalistic.
Why do they stand there?
I don't know what I should do.
The movies are focused on defeat the plane and get their reward, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other adventures.
It's almost like a child, you have to be a dumb animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a war suit.
There are lots of exceptions, and defend the Princess of Disney to any of you.
But they send a message to the kids, even though they, kids are not really their objective public.
They do a phenomenal job by teaching girls how to defend the stars, but they don't necessarily show kids how to defend the patriarchy.
There's no model for them.
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children, as real and lovely as Hammman and Kantata, but they don't stop being films of war.
Of course, the most successful topic of all time continues to appear in classic after classic after classic after classic -- each of them about the adventure of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and your son, or two men who believe a child.
Until many of you are thinking, this year, finally came out Valentine.
I recommend all of you. It's already available in shops.
Remember what the critic said when I came out of it?
I can't believe that Pixar has made a film of a princess of a prison.
It's very good. Don't let it stop them.
Well, almost none of these films is the test of Leonardo.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It hasn't stopped roots and already spread, but maybe we'll start a movement.
Santa Alexander is a comic card, and in the middle of the 1980s, I recorded a conversation that had a friend on the evaluation of the films that they saw.
And it's very simple. There are only three questions that have to be asked, in the movie, is there more than a female character that has lines?
So, you have to fulfill the requirement.
These women talk to each other at some point in the movie?
Their conversations are about something more besides the boy who so much?  Okay? Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.
Two women who exist and talk about things each other.
It happens. I've seen it, and yet very rarely I see it in the movie that we know and love.
In fact, this week, I went to see a very good quality film, and there.
Right? The Star Theaters of Scott, a tank of consensus of what is a Hollywood Hollywood movie.
It doesn't happen in the test of Leonardo.
And I don't think it should, because a lot of the movie, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the movie happens in a packaging where men and women hide during the regime of the regimes.
We have lots of scenes of men who have deep conversations and painful conversations in this stage, and it's the great moment for one of the acts to get a look at the door and say, "You come to the bed, correction?
This is Hollywood.
So let's look at the numbers.
In 2011, of the 100 most popular films, how many of them think they have female professors?
Yeah. It's not bad.
It's not the same percentage as the number of women that we have chosen recently for Congress, then it's okay.
But there's a larger number than this is going to be disappointed this room.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said.
In the United States, one in five women says it's been sexually assaulted once in their life.
I don't think it's the guilt of mass entertainment.
I don't think the films for children have something to do with that.
Nor I think that music videos or pornography videos are closely linked to, but something wrong with that, and when I hear that statistics, one of the things I think is that there's a lot of sexual sex.
Who are those kinds of species? What are those things?
What do you not have to learn?
Are you looking at the story that says that the role of a male hero is to defeat the plane with violence and then charge the reward, which is a woman who has no friends and doesn't talk about?
Are we doing that story?
You know, as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we find this world and this very alarming statistic and we want to prepare them.
We have tools to our disposal as a promising promise, and we expect that to help, but I have to ask, is it going to be able to protect power is going to protect you, at the same time, we are educating our children to maintain their male power.
I mean, I think the Netflix list is a way to do something really important, and here I mean primarily to the parents.
I think we have to show our children a new definition of man.
The definition of the male is radically changing.
You'll have read about how the new economy is changing the role of which it takes care of home and analysis.
Everything is changing.
When I asked my daughter what was his favorite character of "Star Roses. Do you know what he suggested?
Bang up.
Robots and Global and Global.
What do you have in common?
Maybe it's not just the bright dress of view.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those movies that you know more than anyone, and they love to share their knowledge with other people to help them reach their potential.
They're leaders.
I like that kind of stories for my daughter, and I like that kind of stories for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want less stories to say to my son, and he sees and struggle only and more stories where he sees that his work is to join a team -- maybe a team led by women, helping other people improve and be better people, like the magician of Oz or the microscope.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Maine, and one of the things I liked most of it was looking for sea cookies.
But you know, it's hard to find these concentrations.
They are sand covered and hard to see them.
However, over time, I used to look for them.
I started to see shapes and patterns that helped me to collect them.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love for the past and the ecological.
And finally when I started studying collective, I realized that I saw my own eyes wasn't enough.
Because, suddenly, in Egypt, my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of almost 3,000 miles of length alongside the Nike.
And my sea cookies.
This is really what led me to use satellite images.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew I had to do it differently.
I want to show you an example of how different we see when we use infrared people.
This is a place located in the eastern Delta in Egypt called Berning.
And the place, in plain sight, seems to be brown around, but when we use the infrared and we process it using fake color, suddenly the place looks like bright rock.
What you're looking at are the real chemical changes of landscape caused by building materials and the activities of ancient Egyptians and individuals.
I want to share with you how we've used satellite data to find a ancient Egyptian city, called Austrian, lost for thousands of years.
That was the capital of the ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a period of time called the Middle East, about 4,000 years ago.
The place is located in the French, Egypt, and it's really important because in the Middle East, there was this great renaissance of the ancient Egyptian art, architecture and religion.
The epidemiologists have always known that Saturing was located somewhere near the pyramids of the two kings that built them, indicating them within the red circles here, but somewhere within this huge plant plant.
This area is enormous, it's about six miles a year.
Before, the Bible was right next to Santa Asia, and as it changed over time, he joined this and cover the whole city.
So how do you find an adult city in a extinct surface?
Trying to find it at random would be the equivalent to look for a needle in a box, with the eyes sold and using baseball gloves and using baseball gloves and using baseball gloves and using baseball gloves and using baseball gloves and using baseball gloves and using baseball gloves and using baseball gloves and using baseball gloves and using baseball gloves and using baseball gloves and using baseball gloves
So, we use NASA TV data to make a map of the place, with very subtle changes.
We could see where the Biblical came from.
But you can see more disabled, and it's even more interesting, this slightly elevated area that you see inside the circle here, which we think could be the location of Pakistan.
So we collaborated with Egyptian scientists doing samples -- you can see it here.
When I say designers, it's like the tax tasks in ice, but instead of layers of climate change, we look for layers of human care.
Five meters down, underneath a thick thick layer we found a dense layer of atmosphere objects.
This means that in this possible location of Passage, five meters down, we have a layer of cost of several hundred years from the Middle East, exactly the same period as we think it's Philadelphia.
We also found working jobs, calculators, and automotive -- what shows you there was a jewelry shop.
This might seem like it's not much, but when we think about the most common stones used in the Middle East village, these are the stones that were used.
So, we have a dense layer of concern that gives the Middle East in this place.
We also have evidence of a battery battery workshop that shows that what has been there, was a very important city.
We don't find Austrian here, but we'll go back to the place in a near future to locate it.
And even more importantly, we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so that they can also perform great discoveries.
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle East, probably he was written in Philip 4,000 years ago.
To share knowledge is the biggest of all the colors.
There's nothing like that on the ground.
So according to this, TED was not founded in 1984, C.
So the ideas happened really started in 1984 to C. In a lost city not for a long time and found out of the top.
It certainly puts the search for camera concerts in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
Imagine standing outside, in front of the door door.
I'd like you to pay attention to the color of the door, to the material that he's done.
Now you visualize a group of grandchildren in bicycles.
They're competing on a career of bicycles and they go in direction to their entry door.
I need you to see this really.
They're stronger, they're sweating, they're going to skip a lot.
And they collide against the door of your house.
There are bicycles flying around, wheels that go on to their side, rays of the wheels that end up in absurd places.
And in the lobby, or what you have on the other side of the door, and look at the quality of light.
He's waving them with the hand.
From his chair on a brown horse.
It's a horse that talks about.
You can feel your blue skin by putting them in the nose.
You can smell the wind cookie and the steps that are about to stay in the mouth.
They go on one side and train your living room.
In the room, and doing the maximum use of his imagination, imagine Britney Santa.
She's a little bit of clothes, dancing on his center of center, singing "The Hindu More March More March Marce.
Now look at the kitchen.
The soil has been coated with a path of yellow bricks. And from the oven comes to you "All the way to you Park, the Hall of Biology, the Parkinson's Mon's Monthreen, holding out the hands and jumping into you.
Okay. Open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar contest that takes place every spring in New York.
It's called the Mexico Congo Company.
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist, waiting for me, I guess, that this was like the end of a wise surface.
There were several men and a few different ages of different ages and different hygiene.
They were democratic hundreds of random numbers, looking at it just once.
They discovered the names of dozens and dozens of strangers.
They memorize entire poems in just minutes.
They compete to see who could memorize the order of the order of a flock of baby.
And I thought, "This is incredible."
These people must be phenomena of nature.
And I started talking to some of the competitors.
This is a man named Ed Coke who had come from England and have one of the best trained memory.
I asked him, "Hey, when you realized you're a surface?
He said, "I'm not a wise guy.
I actually have a average memory.
Everybody who participated from this competition say they have normal memory.
We have trained us to do these miraculous acts of memory using some old techniques, invented 2,500 years ago in Greece, the same techniques that they used to draw on the discussion to memorize their speech, and that medieval academics used to memorize "the books of interesting books."
And my reaction was, "Well, how did I have heard this before."
We were standing out of the room of competition, and Ed who is a wonderful and brilliant English -- although a little bit excited, he said, "Harrali: "You are an American journalist.
Do you know Britney Sarah?
And I said, "What? No, why?
Because I would like to show Britney Santa how to memorize the order in a live baby deck in national TV.
That would test the world that anyone can do it."
And I said, "Well, I'm not Britney Sarah, but maybe you can teach me.
I mean, you have to start for something not?"
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up spending most of the year next year, not just training my memory, but also researching it, trying to understand how it works, why sometimes it doesn't work and what your potential.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man named Company.
He's a massive, very probably with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that I didn't even remember that he had a memory problem, it's amazing.
Someone incredibly tragic -- but it was a window that lets us see how much our memory makes us who we are.
In the other end of the spectrum I met this man.
This is Kim Paul." In he was based for Passage Poetry in the movie "Lease "Wood."
We spent a afternoon together in the public library of Salt Lake City, memorize telephone teams.
And when you come back, I read a number of treaties about memory written about 2,000 years ago in Latin, in the Anderson and then in the Middle Ages.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time when this idea of having a trained memory, disciplined and crops was not such a rare thing as it can seem to us today.
A long time, people invest in their memory, to provide their minds.
These techniques have made our modern world, but they also have changed.
They have changed us culturally and I would say that they've changed us as well.
As we almost don't have to remember, sometimes it seems like we have forgotten how to do it.
One of the last places on our planet where you still find people passionate about this idea of trained memory, disciplined and crops is this very unique memory of memory.
It's actually not that surveillance, there's competition like this all over the world.
I was fascinated -- I wanted to know how these people do.
A few years ago, a group of researchers at University College of London invited a group of memory champions to the lab.
You wanted to know: Is it that you have brains in some way, structural or intrinsically different from the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are they more intelligent than the rest of it?
They gave them a cognitive test battery, and the answer was actually not.
There was a really interesting and significant difference between the brains of memory champions and the control subjects with them compared them.
When they put them in a magnetic MRI machine, they scan their brains as they memorize numbers and faces and forms of victims -- they found that in memory champions were lighting up parts of the brain, different to others.
They were actually using, or they seemed to use, a part of the brain that involves space memory and navigation.
Why? Is there something we can learn from this?
The tournament of competitive medicine is driven as a race race where each year appears to be someone with a new way to remember more things, more quickly, and then the rest of competitors must be put on the day.
This is my friend Ben Prize, three times a memory.
In his desk in front of him, there are 36 bars of predatory rock that he's about to try to memorize in an hour, using a technique that he invented and only comes out.
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of 44 binary binary diabetes.
In half an hour. Yes.
And as there is a lot of ways to remember things in these competitions, absolutely all techniques used at the end of the end, they reduce one concept that psychologists call collaborative consumer."
It illustrates with a super-editorish president known like the drop the disabled "Down -- "I tell two people who remember the same word. I'm telling you to you -- remember, there's a man named Karai.
That's her leave.
And then I ask them, "You remember there's a park battlefield."
And when I came back later, and I ask you to remember that word I told you a little bit?"
Do you remember what it was?
The person who told her that his name is Barrie is unlikely to remember the same word as the person who told her that his work is called."
The same word, different capacity. That's weird.
What happens here?
Well, name Karan, it doesn't really mean anything for you.
All the other memories that dance for their head.
But the word "Before: "Automobile: We know paradox.
They use tiny white hats.
They have flour in the hands.
They smell well when they go home to work.
We probably know some pandemic.
And when we first got that word for the first time, we started putting up accessible angels to catch them happily at some time.
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this is about 2,500 years ago at the ancient Greece.
It's known as the "cell of memory."
The story says this: There was a poet called Symmetrical that starts a nation.
They had hired it as a entertainment, because before, if you wanted to give a very good party, it didn't take a 22, he was hired to a poet.
He stood up, he took his memory poem and she marched it, and so soon it was the room of the bank collapsed itself.
killing them all.
But not only killed them to everybody, but it shattered the bodies leaving them arrested.
No one could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting.
So they couldn't bury the bodies.
A tragedy behind the other.
Similarly, standing outside, only survivor, in the middle of the rubble, closed the eyes and realized that with the eyes of his mind, he could see where every single invitation.
He took the family members by bringing them to where they were their loved ones between the rubble.
What Symmetrical distributed at that moment is something that we all know about more or less intuitively, and it is that no matter if we're not good at remembering names or phone numbers or instructions for the word of our colleagues, we have visual memory and exponential space.
If I asked you to tell me the first 10 words of history I just told you about Symberch, it's very likely to be very hard to do it.
But I would bet that if you asked them to say who was sitting on the horse shift brown in their lobby, they would be able to visualize it.
The idea of the memory of memory is to create this building with the eyes of your mind and put it out of images with the things that you want to remember -- the more crazy and discovering and an acceleration is the picture, the more invisible to be.
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago, to the first deals of memory, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in
And how does it work?
Let's say that you've been invited to the TED stage to give a talk and want to do memory and you want to do memory in the same way that they would have done if you were invited to Homor 2,000 years ago.
What you might do is imagine that they're on the door of your house.
And to give some kind of absolutely ridiculous, crazy and invisible image to help you remember that the first thing you want to mention is that competition completely inspiring.
And then you can imagine coming into your house, and see the Monthromac Manhattan mounted about March Europe.
And that would remind you that they want to introduce their friend Ed Coke.
And then you would see Britney Sarah to remind you that funny anecdote you want to count.
And then they would go into the kitchen, and the fourth subject that you would talk about would be that strange journey that they did for a whole year, and they have some friends to help them remember it.
This is how the Roman streams memorize their speeches -- not word for word, which is going to confuse them, but typical by time.
In fact, the typical term comes from the Greek fruits, which means place."
It's a shame of when people thought about the craft and the rhetoric with this sort of space terms.
The phrase in the first place, it would be like the first place in your memory of memory.
I saw that this was just fascinating. And I got out of full of it.
I went to some of these memory competitions, and I had the idea of writing something wrong about this competitive memories surface.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory competition is a biologically boring event.
And seriously, it's like seeing a lot of people sitting on tests -- I mean, the most exciting thing that happens is when someone gets married the front.
I'm a journalist, and I need to be able to write about something.
I know there are amazing things happening in the minds of these people, but I don't have access.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to put in his place.
So I started spending 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I sit to see the New York Times, just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem, or the names of an ancient school ring bought in a puzzle market.
And I discovered that this was incredibly entertaining.
I'd never expected it to be.
It was fun, because it wasn't just about training the memory.
What is actually about doing is getting better and more and more the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous images, common, recorders, insides, sadness and ideal anymore, in the eye of the mind.
I was hooked with this.
This is me, using my standard team of training for memory competition.
It's a couple of holes and a lot of security glasses covered with tape leaving only two works, because the distraction.
I ended up coming back to the same contest that I had covered a year before. I had the idea that I could enter -- in a kind of participatory prosthetic.
I thought this could be good for all my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And they won me the competition -- something that didn't have to happen.
Of course, it's nice to be able to memorize speech, and phone numbers, and shopping lists, but actually this is not the point.
These are just tricks.
Because it's based on very basic principles about how the brain works.
And you don't need to be able to build like a memory of memory or memorize baby bars, to benefit with a little bit of perspective about how your mind works.
We often talk about people with a great memory as if it was an innate gift, but it's not the case.
Big memories are sending.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we focus deeply.
The palace of memory, these memory techniques, are just shortcuts.
In fact, they're not even real active.
They work because they make us work.
They provide a kind of deep processing process, sort of a complete kind of attention that most of them can't go down there.
But the reality is there's no authority.
This is how things get memorized.
And if there's something that I want to leave you today is what I, the massive that I couldn't even remember that I had a memory problem, I left me, which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose from what's already our short existence to lose in the Balishu or the iPhone, not paying attention to being human in front of us, who walks on our side, will we be so big that we don't even bother in processing in process?
I learned from the first hand that there are incredible memory capacities in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you must be the kind of person who remember remembering it.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk today about the last 30 years of history history.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex topic, so we'll just bring you just a complex place, New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I'm from Stage. Institute, I was six and I lived there at my parents' home in a village called Linux, and this was my children's bedroom.
In the corner, from my bedroom, I was the bathroom that I shared with my sister.
And in my bedroom and the bathroom, there was a balcony that was giving the living room.
And there everyone was looking at the telephone -- so every time I went from my room to the bathroom, everybody would see me -- and every time I was talking to me and I turned back into a towel. I all see me.
And I was like this.
It was a color, I was insecure and hated it.
I hated that journey, hated that car, hated that room and that house.
That's architecture.
Yeah.
Those feelings, those emotions that I felt, that is the power of architecture, because architecture is not about mathematics, no division of areas, but of those visceral connections, emotional connections, that we feel in the places we conceive.
And it's not surprising that we sit in that way, because according to the Environmental Protection Agency -- Americans spend 90 percent of their time under roof.
I mean, 90 percent of the time we're surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
Architecture determines in ways we don't even realize yet.
That makes us a little naive and very, very predictable.
This means that when I show you a building like this, I know what it makes you think, think of power and "called "complication" and "all of democracy.
And I know you think about it as a building building building about 2,500 years ago.
This is a trick.
It's a desperate that architects use to create an emotional connection to the ways that we build our buildings.
It's a predictable emotional connection, we've used this trick for many, very long time.
We used it 200 years ago to build banks.
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums.
And in the 20th century, we use it to build homes.
Look, these stable soldiers, solid, in front of the sea, away from the elements.
This is very, very useful, because building things is terrifying.
It's expensive, it takes a long time and it's very complicated.
The people who build and the undergraduates and the governments, they are always afraid of innovation, and they prefer to use ways that know they're going to work.
So we find buildings like this.
It's a nice building.
It's the Public Public Library that ended up in 2004, in my hometown, and, you know, it has a classroom, it has this round thing, columns -- red light, which let you interview what Gings is trying to communicate with this building, the kids, the property values -- history.
But it doesn't have to do with a library today.
That same year, in 2004, the other side of the country, ended up another library, which looks like this.
It's in Seattle.
This library shows how we use media in the digital era.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to gather and read and sharing.
So how is it possible that in the same year, two buildings, both called libraries are so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works at the beginning of the park.
On one side there is innovation -- architects that are constantly driven new technologies, new technologies, new solutions for the current life forms today.
We drive, we push and push so much, that we get rid of the people.
All of a black of black, this responses to us -- you think we feel very well, but we're dead because we don't have another option.
We need to go to the other side and go back to connecting with those access symbols.
So we do that, and we're all happy, but we are all happy, so we started to experience again -- we start to experience the back of the back, over and over again. We've done it over the last 300 years, and of course it is, in the last 30 years.
Well, 30 years ago, we came out of the 1970s.
The architects were busy experimenting with the so-called "the "the consumer called.
It has to do with the concrete.
That can be a guess.
Small windows, in some solid scale.
Something really hard.
So we got close to the '80s, and we started to incorporate those symbols.
We push the pendulum back into the other direction.
We take those shapes we know that we like and updated them.
We added and we added bones and we use new materials.
They love it.
We don't give them yet.
We took a search of Parkinson's and turn them into skyscrapers that can be many medieval collective facts.
The shapes were advertising, they won in automatic and colorful ways.
The lines became columns.
The cases grew up to the size of buildings.
nuts.
But it was the '80s, that was great.
We all spend the moment in commercial centers, we moved to the neighborhoods, and there, in suburbs, we can create our own architectural fantasy.
Those patterns could be to the Mediterranean, to the French, or the Italian.
You can possibly have a bread of bread.
This is what happens to the protection."
This is what happens to the symbols.
They're easy, they're cheap, because instead of creating new spaces, we remember memories from other places.
I know very well, and all of you know, that this is not the Mosh.
This is Hi.
The architects are frustrated and we started making the new thing back into the other direction.
In the '80s and early '90s, we started experimenting with the so-called democracy called the democracy.
We spend historical symbols -- we now have new design design techniques, and we find new compassions, some ways that are star against other ways.
This is academic and inequality, and it's passionate serious. You are totally excluded.
Typically, the study of new in opposite direction.
But then, something amazing happened.
In 1997, this building.
It's the Greek of Biology, from Frank Garret.
This building changed fundamentally the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Greek said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when scientists, academics and public in general, they were completely agreement about a building.
The New York Times designed this consumption of microbiologist.
The tourism in Bilbao increased in a 2,500 percent when they finished the building.
So, all of a sudden, everybody wanted one of those buildings, Los Angeles, Saturday, Chicago, New York, Cleveland, September.
Everybody wanted one, and Gehry was everywhere.
He was our first star.
But how is it possible that these shapes and wild and radical ones, how is it that they become ubiquitous around the world?
And it happened, because the media was galvanized around them, and we quickly learned that those shapes mean culture and tourism.
We've created an emotional reaction with these forms.
The same thing did the world's main reserves.
So they all believed that if they had these shapes, they had culture and tourism and tourism of it.
This phenomenon of beginnings of the new millennium, with other star architects.
I went to Barbie and School, and what happened to these little elite architects in the threshold of the new millennium, actually began to go through all the architecture, digital media started to increase the speed of information consumption.
Think about, for example, how they consume architecture.
A thousand years ago, they would have to have walked up to the next village to see a building.
The transportation is speeding up, you can take a ship, an airplane, can be tourists.
Technology accelerates -- you can see in the newspapers, on TV, and at the end of the end, we are all photographers of architecture, and the building is transported beyond its physical location.
Architecture is everywhere -- that means that the speed of communications has finally reached the speed of architecture.
Because architecture moves so fast.
It doesn't spend a long time to think about a building.
You need a lot of time to build a building, three or four years, and at that time, an architect can design two, eight, or 100 buildings more, before you know if the one that I designed four years ago was a success or not.
Because there's never been good feedback in architecture.
That's how we find buildings like this.
Button wasn't a two-year movement but 20 years.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they were arrested.
That's never going to happen. I think, because we're in the threshold of the biggest revolution in architecture from the invention of the concrete or steel or the elevator revolution, and it's the media revolution.
My theory is that when you apply the partner to the media, it starts to scale faster and faster, until it will be on both extremes in the simultaneous simultaneously, and it is effectively defined the difference between innovation and symbol, between us, architects and you, the public.
Now we can make almost instant symbols with emotional charge of something completely new.
I'll show you how the system works on a project that my company ended up recently.
We were hired to replace this building that was started.
This is the center of a village called Pages in Fire Island, in the state of New York.
It's a community of vacation.
But that meant that two years before the building was finished, it was already part of the community, and as the drawings looked exactly to the final product, there was no surprise.
The building came to be part of the community. That first summer, when people started coming and shared it in social media, the building stopped being just a building, became a media, because these are not just images of a building, are the images that you made from the building.
And as you use them to tell your story, they become part of personal narrative, and that makes circuits with collective memory, and when we charge these symbols. We learn.
I mean, we don't need the Greeks to tell us how to think about architecture.
We can tell us what we think about architecture, because digital media not only changed the relationship between us, but have changed the relationship between us and the buildings.
Think for a second in those libraries in Linux.
If that building was built today, first we were going to the Internet looking for new transgenders."
We would be bombarded with examples of experiments, of innovation, about what a library can be.
That's community.
Manks that can lead to the mayor of Lingagori, to the people in Linux, and tell them that there's no answer to what a library is today.
Let's be part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom to experience.
It's all different now.
architects are no longer the mysterious creatures that use incredible words and complicated drawings and one is no longer a self-controlled public who doesn't have seen before.
architects can listen, and you're not allowed to imperf by architecture.
That means that the excited pathway of one style to another, from one movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can go ahead and find solutions right to the problems facing society.
This is the end of the history of architecture, and it means that the buildings in the morning will be very different from today's buildings.
This means that a public space in ancient city can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city.
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad historical imitation of red brick based on ideas of what a stadium should be.
This means that some robots will be able to build our buildings, because eventually we will be ready for the ways that they're going to produce.
That means that buildings are moving to the collaborators of nature and not the contrary.
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach, Florida, can also serve to make sports or to yoga. Or even you can marry there at night.
This means that three architects can dream with swimming in the East East of New York, and to raise half a million dollars of the community together around that cause, it's no longer a client alone.
It means that no building is too small for innovation, like this little whale of reasons, as muscle as the animals that are going to look at.
Because it doesn't matter whether it's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings.
It doesn't matter how we build, what it matters is what we build.
Architects already know how to make more ecological buildings, more intelligent and kinder buildings.
We've been waiting for all of you to want them.
Finally, we're not on opposite side.
They find an architect and comfort and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot in play.
Buildings don't only reflect our society, but they give it way to the smallest spaces, the local libraries -- the homes where we shape our children, and the step of the bedroom to the bathroom.
Thank you very much.
This is my niece, and there.
I just turned a year and started walking.
And it does it in that great way, typical of the kids of a year, which is actually actually actually actually coming up, as if your body was moving too fast for their legs.
It's totally beautiful.
And one of the things that you like to do for the moment is to look at the mirror.
She really loves her reflection.
He laughed and school, and it gives itself those big banks and famous.
It's beautiful.
Now, all of your friends do this and my mom tells me that I used to do it, and he made me thinking, "When stop doing this?
How is it that we suddenly don't like our attention?
Because apparently we don't like.
Every month, 10,000 people are looking at Google, "Am I a power?
This is Falla, it's 13 years old and lives in Line.
And as any teenagers, it just wants to be loved and come in.
It's Sunday at night.
It's preparing for the next week in school.
He's got a bit of fear, it's a little bit confused because even though his mom says the whole thing that it's beautiful, every day in school, someone tells him it's ugly.
Among what his mom says to him and what his friends, or school peers say, doesn't know who to believe.
So it makes a video of it, published it in YouTube, and he asked others to please leave a comment -- "Am I nice or am I a power?
Well, so far, it has received over 13,000 comments now.
Some of these are so nasty, that it doesn't even deserve thinking about them.
We talk about a healthy healthy teenager, normal and current, that receives these answers in one of the most vulnerable subjects emotionally.
Thousands of people are releasing videos like this, in their most teenage girls trying to communicate this way.
But what's going to do this?
Well, the teenagers today are almost never alone.
They're under pressure to be online and available all the time, speaking out, taking me like this: making, sharing, publishing, this never ends.
Never before we have been so connected to it, otherwise in a significant way, so young.
As a mother told me, "It's like there's a party in your room all the nights.
There's simply no privacy.
And the social pressures that go from hand with that are respected.
This environment, of being connected, is translating our kids to complain based on the number of "me like they have and the kinds of comments they get.
There's no division between a online life and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what is real or what's not.
And also, it's very hard to know the difference between what's authentic and what is inequality in addition to it.
What is the most respected thing in the life of someone versus what is normal in a daily building?
And where are you looking for the inspiration?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are stopped from the news news of the girls now.
And zero models continue to dominate our shorts.
The technique of the research is now a routine now.
And the trends like, "The therapy -- the therapists, the prison and the paradigm.
For those of you who know it, it means international means.
These trends are associated with women in today's popular culture.
It's not hard to see what young young men are.
But kids are not immune to this.
It's like the heart stars of the sports and the common singing contaminated.
But what's the problem with all this?
Well, we certainly want our children to grow healthy and be good individuals.
But in a culture obsessed by the image, we're teaching our children to spend more time and mental effort to their appearance to the price of all other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, the development of their physical capabilities, their studies and other things begin to suffer.
Six of every 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think you don't see good enough.
These are not trivial activities.
They are fundamental activities for their growth as human beings and how they contribute to society and the field of labor development.
31 percent, almost one in three teenagers are not interested in the class. They avoid to participate in classrooms because they don't want to call attention for their physical sense.
One out of five are not attending classes at all.
And in the test of tests, if you don't think you see enough enough, specifically if you don't think you're thin enough, you get a little note at the average of your peers, who don't care about about appearance.
And this phenomenon has been generated in Finland, United States and China.
And it turns out of what these young people actually do.
So, to be clear, we're talking about how you see you, not how you really are.
The low self-esteem on your body is depressing academic performance.
And it's also paralyzed health.
People with little self-esteem do less physical activity, they eat less fruits and vegetables, they participate in more healthy diet than they can bring them to a food disorder.
They have low self-esteem.
They're more easily influenced by the people around them and are at greatest risk of depression.
And we think it's all about this for what they make more risky, like alcohol consumption and drugs, domestic diet, aesthetic surgery, sexual relationships to early ages and without protection and demand definition.
The search of perfect body is pushing into the health system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who believe they have overweight again, regardless of whether they have no greater rates of suspension.
17 percent of women don't present a job interview in a day where they don't feel safe with the way you see.
Think for a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we could overcome this, what would that opportunity be?
To release this potential is interest for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, talking, by itself, doesn't take you very far.
Not enough.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key shapes, the first one is that we have to instill trust in its own body.
We need to help our teens develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-esteem.
The good news is that there are a lot of programs available to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that a lot of good programs are intended without realizing the situation.
So we need to make sure that the program that our children follow will not only have a positive impact but also a lasting impact.
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas. The first is the influence of family, friends and relationships.
These six aspects are critical networking points for any willing to provide an education in body self-esteem that works.
One education is fundamental but facing this problem requires each of us that we take on the right in the issue and be a better model to follow for women and girls in our own lives.
Show the current status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to tell the information of our politicians in hair cuts or the size of their legs, or you can pretend that the determination or success of a Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it's not a great beauty.
We need to start judging people by what they are, not as they see.
We all can start by taking responsibility by the kind of images and comments that we published in our social networks.
We can praise people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you, when was the last time you had a computer?
In short, we have to work together as communities, as governments and as businesses, to really change our culture, so that our children grow up valuing their entire person, valuing the individual, diversity, including it.
We have to put people who are actually making the difference on a parade.
For making a difference in the real world, let's make them be those who come out on the big screen, because we will only create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, where the way they believe that they are never stopping to be who they are, or reach what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for someone in their lives.
Who are in mind?
Your wife here?
Your brother?
Your daughter here?
Your subjective? Is his friend?
It could be simply the woman who's two seats. What would it mean for her if she was liberated from that voice voice inside that voice that I would love for not having long legs -- more deceptive costs, a more flat, less permanent?
What would it mean for her if we overcome this and we would say it supported its potential in that way?
Right now, the obsession of our culture with images is holding us all.
But let's teach our kids the truth.
Let's understand that the way you see is just one part of your identity, and that the truth is that we love them for those of them and why they do, and as they make us feel.
We include self-esteem in our schools.
We change each of us, the way we talk about and compared to other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that the small journey of a year of today, they become agents of safe change of themselves tomorrow.
Let's do it.
On November 5 1990, a gentleman named Sando Vancout entered a hotel in Manhattan and killed to the rabbi, Mr. Leader Seatry Leone Leader.
To support initially they declared it innocent. But being prisoner by other minor conditions, in the company of others, they started planning attacks to about 12 New York, including tunnels, violence and the United Nations.
Luckily, those plans were frustrated by a informant of the FBI.
Sadly, the bomb of 1993 in the World Trade Center, couldn't be avoided.
It later will be constantly convicted of his participation in that artist.
Ladie Monologian is my father.
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in 1983, being a Egyptian engineer, with an American mother, high school teacher, between the two made all the possible for giving me a happy childhood.
Only when I was seven years old, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of Islam, which is very few, including most Muslims, come to know.
And by experience I saw that when people take time to interact -- they don't need much to get the same things in life.
However, in all religion, in all human group, there's always a small fraction of people who are clinging so properly to their convictions that think they have to use all the means that they can all live like them.
A few months before the arrest he sat down with me and explained to me that in the last weekends of week, he and some friends had been going to training in Long Island, to practice.
He told me that I would go with him the next day.
We came to the color of Mr. Congress that, without knowing our group, was surveillance by the FBI.
When I was playing, my father helped me hold the shot in the shoulder and explained to me how to aim at about 30 meters.
That day, with the last bullet to shoot I gave the little orange light about the target and, for the surprise of all, especially me, all the goal is in flames.
My uncle turned to others and in Arabic, he said, "Beautiful airport."
Such father, such a son.
All of all, the comment produced a lot of laughter, but only a few years later, I understood what they were so funny.
They saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause.
Those people later would be convicted of putting a car with 700 pounds of explosives in the underground park of the World Trade Tower, causing an explosion that killed six people and made another 1,000.
I admired those men.
He called them "Market: which means this.
When I turned 19, I had moved 20 times. That instability during my childhood didn't allow me to do a lot of mothers.
Every time I started feeling comfortable about someone was time to start and go to another city.
As I was always the new side of the class with frequency was a victim victim.
Build secret my identity to avoid being the white -- but it will be the new class of the class, quiet and registered, was enough community.
So most of the time I spent it home reading books, watching TV or playing games.
For these reasons I don't develop social skills, to say it simply -- to grow up under analysis, it wasn't prepared for the real world.
They helped me judge people, based on arbitrary indicators like their race or their religion.
So how could I open the eyes?
One of the first experiences they put on my thinking of thinking was during the presidential elections of 2000.
In a college program in which I participated in the National National Convention, in Philadelphia.
My group focused on the subject of juvenile violence -- like I had been victim victim almost all my life, it was something that I felt a lot of passion.
The members of this group came from different backgrounds.
One day, towards the end of the convention, I discovered that one of the kids who had done friendship was toy.
It took several days to go to light this detail and realized that there was no inspiration between the two.
I had never had a Jewish friend before, and I was quite proud of being able to beat the barrier that all life had ever made me believe that it was interesting.
Another crucial moment came up when I got a summer work in Bush Green, a amusement park.
I met people from all kinds of beliefs and cultures. That experience resulted in the development of my character.
Every life had taught me that homosexual was a sin and by extension, all the homosexual entrepreneurs were bad influence.
By the way, I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there, in a show, and I could see that several of them were the most amazing and most critical ones that I had seen in life.
Having been soldier as a kid, I developed a sense of empathy to the suffering of others, but it wasn't easy for me to treat people, exactly the way I would have wish to be treated.
So I was able to contrast the stereotypes that had taught me as a child, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know what it is to be gay but I know what it is to be judged by something beyond my control.
Then he came the "Holy Shakespeare.
Every night, Jon Stewart made me become politically honest about my attention, and I was helping to see that the race of people, religion or sexual orientation, have nothing to do with character.
In many ways, he became my default figure at a time when I was desperately and desperately in it.
Sometimes inspiration can come from the unexpected, and that a Jewish comedian had had a better influence in my life than my own father, extinction, was not in vain.
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my thinking of thinking, and she told me something that I will preserve in my heart forever, while it's alive.
She looked at me with the eyes tired of someone who's suffered enough with intense computers, and he said, "I'm tired of hearth."
At that time, I realized how much negative energy you need to keep all that hatred in your inside.
My real name is not John Keep.
I changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why decided to go out and put on a serious risk?
Well, it's simple.
I have done it because I hope someone is trying to lead to violence, I can hear my story and understand that there is a better way, that even though I was sent to this violent and controversial ideology -- I didn't get to make myself happy.
On the contrary, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism.
I do it for the victims of terrorism and for their loved ones, for the terrible pain and the losses that terrorism has produced them in their lives.
For the victims of terrorism talking, against those acts without meaning, as rejected to the actions of my father.
So with this simple sense I'm going to tell you that violence is not inherently religion or race, that kids don't have to follow the paths of their parents.
I'm not my dad.
Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.
At this point, there's a film that projects in your minds.
It's an incredible paintering movie.
It's in 3D, and it's got sound sound of what you hear and see right now. But that's just the beginning.
Your film has a complete, taste and texture.
You feel your body, your pain, your hungry, your pleasure.
It has emotions, anger and happiness.
It has memories, as moments of your childhood that are projected to your eyes.
And it has constantly a voice in your conscious thinking.
The heart of the movie is you who experience everything in the direction.
This film is your flow of consciousness, the subject of the experience of mind and the world.
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the existence of human being.
Each one of us is conscious.
We all have an internal movie itself, T, you and you.
There's nothing we know more directly.
At least, I know I have a conscious consciousness.
I'm not sure you're aware of you.
Consciousness is also the reason to live.
If we weren't aware of it, nothing in our lives would make sense or value.
But at the same time it's the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe.
Why are we conscious?
Why do we have these internal films.
Why are we not just robots that we need to produce results without experiencing the internal film?
Right now, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
I suggest that to integrate awareness to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible, a science of consciousness.
Science is objective by nature.
The consciousness, by nature, is subjective.
So there can never be a science of consciousness.
Because during almost the entire 20th century, I press that vision.
The psychology studied the behavior of exactly the experience of the brain, and the neuroscience studied the brain exactly -- but never even mentioned consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started, there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
Then, 20 years ago, everything started changing.
neuroscientists like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Pent said, "Now it's the moment for science to tackle the consciousness."
And since then, there was a real explosion of the scientific work about consciousness.
And this work was fantastic. It was great.
But it also has fundamental limitations to the moment.
The center of consciousness in the recent years was the search for correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness.
We saw something about this kind of fantastic job that Nancy Karthqualian was a few minutes ago.
Now we understand much better, for example, brain areas that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling happy or happy.
But this is still a science science.
It's not a science of explanations.
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences, but we don't know why.
I'd like to explain to you that this kind of work of neuroscience responds to some questions that we want to explain the consciousness. The questions about what certain areas of the brain do, and what they correlate with.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
It doesn't get to offend the neuroscience.
Actually, there's no easy problems with consciousness.
Because it doesn't deal with the real central mystery of this matter, why does all physical processes in the brain have to be accompanied by consciousness.
Why is there a subjective internal film?
Right now, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's take a few years to neuroscience.
It's going to become another emerging phenomenon like teachers, like the surgery, like life, and we're going to find explanation.
The typical assumptions are all cases of emerging behaviors, how they operate the teachers, how the hurricane works, how they reproduce and adapt to living organisms, are all questions about objective function.
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as a emergent phenomenon, how we walk, how we speak, how we speak chess -- are all questions about behavior.
But when it comes to consciousness, the questions about behavior are among easy problems.
But the hard problem, is the question why is it that all behavior is accompanied from a subjective experience?
And here it is, the standard paradigm of the surface, the standard paradigm of neuroscience, doesn't actually have a lot to say.
I'm a heart scientist career.
I want a scientific theory of the description that works. For a long time, hit me against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure physical terms that would work.
But at the end I got to the conclusion that it didn't work for systematic reasons.
I think we stand at this point.
We have a chain of wonderful explanations, great. We're used to this: physics explains chemistry, chemistry explains biology, biology explains part of psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit into this scheme.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we are conscious.
For the other, we don't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific view of the world.
I think consciousness right now, it's a kind of an anomaly, something that we need to integrate to our view of the world, but we don't know yet.
With an anomaly like this, you can need radical ideas. I think we need ideas that at first seem crazy, before you can deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Dennetter, who's here today, has one.
Their crazy idea is that there is no such difficult problem of consciousness.
The whole idea of the inner subjective movie includes a kind of illusion or confusion.
In reality, what you need to do, is to explain the objective functions, the behaviors of the brain, and that's how you study everything that needs explanation.
Well, more power for him.
That's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of a purely strategy, based on the brain.
At the same time, for me and for many others, that vision is pretty close to simply deny that the observation of consciousness is supportive.
But I go in a different direction.
In the time I left, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promised.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is critical.
physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental little biomedians, space and time and mass.
They put fundamental laws that govern them, like gravity laws or quantum mechanics.
These laws and properties are not explained in terms of anything more basic.
On the contrary, they're considered to be a fundamental thing, and that's where the world is built.
Sometimes, the list of the fundamental is clear.
In the 19th century, Martin found that you can't explain the electromagnetic phenomena in terms of preexisting fundamental concepts -- space, time, mass laws, and then the basic laws of the electronics -- and the electric charge as a fundamental concept that those laws govern out.
I think that's the situation that we find consciousness.
If you can't explain consciousness in terms of preexisting fundamental ideas, space, time, mass -- then by the matter of logic -- you have to put the list.
The most natural thing would be to protect consciousness as a fundamental thing, a fundamental brick of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly it's not the object of science.
It opens up the way to manage it scientifically.
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness, laws that connect awareness with other fundamental concepts -- space, weather, mass processes.
The physicists sometimes say that we want to want so simple fundamental laws that we could estimate in a test.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we could go into a t-shirt.
We still don't know what laws are, but that's what we look for.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Every system can have a degree of consciousness.
This view is sometimes called a self-controlled self-controlled "Paulo," "Paul for mind, every system is conscious -- not just humans, the dogs, the mice, the flies, even the microbes of Rob Michael, the elementary particles.
Even a picture has some degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that the photons are intelligent or they think.
It's not that a picture can be full of distress when you think "Okay, always traveling at the speed of light.
I can never slow down and smell the resources."
No, so no.
But thinking is that perhaps photons can have some element of raw feeling -- subjective feeling -- some primitive precursor of consciousness.
This can sound a little crazy for you.
How do you think about something that little thing?
And part of this comes from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing.
If it's fundamental, like space, time and mass, is natural to assume that it can also be universal, just like the others.
It's also worth noticing that even though the idea seems to us, it's much less for the people of different cultures, where the human mind seems more a continuum with nature.
A deeper reason comes from the idea that maybe the simplest and powerful form of finding fundamental laws that relate to the physical process, is linking awareness with information.
Whenever there's information processing, there's consciousness.
It's the process of complex information, like a human being, complex awareness.
It's simple, simple information processing.
Something very exciting is that in the recent years a neuroscience, Gleon Jong, took this kind of theory and developed it with mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical measurement of information integration, which is called the prison, which measures the information of information integrated in a system.
And I suppose it has to do with consciousness.
So in a human brain, there's an incredible degree of information integration -- a high degree of feet, a lot of consciousness.
In a mouse there is an average degree of information integration -- very significant -- a pretty important consciousness.
But when you get to the worms -- microbes, particles, the degree of the prison said.
The level of information integration is lower, but it's not zero either.
In the TED theory, there will still be a different awareness of zero.
It actually provides a fundamental law of consciousness, high degrees of stage, high degrees of consciousness.
Also, another reason is that the optimism can help us integrate consciousness to the physical world.
The physicists and the philosophers have often observed that physics is curiously abstract.
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations, but it doesn't talk about the reality that underlies underneath.
As Stephen Hawking, "Where is the fire of the technologies?
From the technical vision of the physics can be left as they are, but you can use it to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists do basically, describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this vision, consciousness is the one that puts it in the equations.
In that vision, consciousness is not found outside the physical world as a kind of antibiotics.
It's right there in the center.
This vision, I think, has the potential to transform our relationship to nature, and can have quite serious ethical consequences and ethical consequences.
Some can be a biologist.
I used to think that I shouldn't eat anything that had consciousness, then I had to be safe.
If you're a screwer and you accept that vision, you'll have a lot of hungry.
I think that thinking about it, this tends to transform your visions while what matters in ethical terms and moral conservation, it's not so much the fact of consciousness, but its importance and complexity.
It's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems, like computers.
What about the artificial intelligence system in Santa in the movie "Post?"
Is it conscious?
According to the visual information, she has a complicated information processing processing that the answer is yes, if it's conscious.
If this is right, you have a lot of serious ethical problems about the ethic of the development of intelligent computers and the ethics of them.
Finally, you can ask for the consciousness of complete compassion, the planet.
Canada has its own consciousness.
Or at a more local level, an integrated group, like the audience in a TED Talk -- right now we have a collective collective consciousness, an internal movie for this whole group of TED, different from the internal movies of each parts?
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least it's a question that should be taken seriously.
So this perspective is a radical vision, and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually safer of the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing, which is a universal thing.
The vision raises a lot of questions, a lot of challenges, like, how those pieces of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness that we know and love us.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we're going on the right path towards a theory of serious consciousness.
If not, well, this is probably the hardest problem of science and philosophy.
We can't wait to solve it overnight.
But I think we will finally find it out.
Understanding consciousness is the real key key, I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the crazy idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a small rural village in Victorian.
I had a very normal profile, a low participation of education.
I went to school, I was reunited with my friends, I was fighting my sisters.
Everything was very normal.
And when I was 15 years old, a member of my community came up to my parents because I wanted to get to a community prize.
And my parents said, "Well, that's very nice, but there's an obvious problem.
She has actually never got anything."  And they were right.
I went to school, I had good grades. After school, I had a low legacy on my mother's headquarters and spent a long time looking at the serious "seeking "seek the Samania Sampas and "The Same "Company "shaped."
Yeah, I know. What a contradiction.
But they were right.
I did nothing that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing can be considered as a achievement if we take the disability outside the equation.
Years later, being on the second part of the teaching of a high school in Melliant, just after about 20 minutes in the 11 class of the 11 person who was a man raised his hand and said, "Hey, when do you give your discussion?"
I said, "What a discussion?
Well, I had been talking about the drug law for a good 20 minutes.
And he said, "You know, your motivation speech.
When people in wheelchair are talking about inspiration things in school?
Usually in the action room.
And it was then when I realized, this boy had had experiences with people with disability as an object of inspiration.
And we don't. And it's not a blame of the guy, which is true for many of us.
For us, people with disability are not our teachers or our doctors or our bacteria.
We're not real people. We're there to inspire it.
And in fact, I'm on this stage looking at what I do on this wheelchair, and you're probably waiting for them to inspire you. Right?  Yeah.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I'm afraid to tell you exploring.
I'm not here to inspire you.
I'm here to tell you that they have lied to the disability of disability.
Yes, they have sold us the lie that disability is something bad, Mach Machilla.
It's bad and live with a disability makes you except.
It's not something bad and it doesn't make it exceptional.
And in the last few years, we've been able to spread even more this lie through social media media.
You may have seen images like this: "The only disability in life is a bad activism."
Or this one: "Your excuse is invisible.
Or this one another, "Before we abandon it, "I go the little one."
These are just a couple of examples, but there's a lot of them.
You may have seen one, of the girl without hands drawing with a pencil sustained by the mouth.
You may have seen a child who runs with pictures of carbon fiber.
And there's a lot of these images, which are what we call porn inspiration.
And I use the term definitely, because they rank a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we hired the disabled.
The purpose of these images is to inspire them, to motivate them, so we can see them and think, "Well, for very bad that it's my life, it could be worse.
I could be that person."
But what if you're that person?
I've lost the count of the number of times that I've been reminded by strangers to want to express that they believe that I am a courageous or a source of inspiration, and this happened before my work had a public profile.
It was like I was happy to get up in the morning and remember my own name.  And this is to contract.
These images, those images are rating people with disabilities.
They're there so you can see them and think things are not so bad for you, or to put your concerns in perspective.
And life as a disabled person is actually something difficult.
We knew some things.
But the things that we overcome are not the things that you might think.
They're not relative to our bodies.
I use the term of the term "disabled "decision," deliberately because I joined the social model of disability, which tells us that we are more disabled, because of the society that we live than because of our bodies or the diagnostics.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very upset with him.
And the things I need to do, and I've learned how to get the best of your ability as well as you do, and that's what happens to the kids of those pictures as well.
They're not doing anything outside of the common.
They're just using their bodies getting the best of their ability.
So is it really fair to hire them in the way we do it, when you share those pictures?
When people say, "You're a believer for inspiring it as a complicated.
And I know why it happens.
It's because of the lie, because they have sold us this lie that disability makes us remarkable.
And honestly, it doesn't do it.
And I know what you're thinking.
I'm here by supporting inspiration and you think, "Oh God, are you not sometimes inspired by something?
And actually, I know I am.
I learn from other people with disability at all.
However, I don't learn that I'm more lucky than them.
I learn that this is a great idea to use some battle gains to collect the things that fall into me.  And I learn the transparent trick of how to charge the battery of the mobile phone in the battery battery.
Great.
We learn from the force and resilience of others, not against our bodies and our diagnosis, but against a world that explains and changes us.
I really think that that lie that has sold us about disability is the biggest injustice.
It makes us hard life.
And that quote: "The only disability in life is a bad activist," the reason that that's a lie is not true, because of the social model of disability.
A lot of smiles in a scale of stairs has never done that it becomes a racis.
Never.   smile in front of a television screen will not do the savings for deaf people.
Nor a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and offering a positive attitude to turn all those books into the brand.
It's just not going to happen.
I want to really live in a world where disability is not exception, but the norm.
I want to live where a 15-year-old girl sitting in his bedroom watching "The Saul Syria is not considered to be no longer in a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low expectations of people with disability that we're happy to get away from bed and remember our names in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the gene achievement of people with disability and I want to live in a world where a kid of 11 degrees in a high school in Melbourne is not a little surprised that his new teacher is a wheelchair of wheels.
We don't make it exceptions, but to question what you think you think about about it does it.
Thank you.
What do you have to do with augmented reality and professional football.
And what is the average speed of a confusion without color?
Unfortunately, today I'll just answer one of those questions, so please don't be disappeared.
When people think about augmented reality, think of "Meaning Kenhou, and Tom Cruise putting your hands in the air, but the augmented reality is not science fiction.
The augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and will happen because we have the tools for it, and people need to know, because the reality will increase our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones.
So how do we get to reality accommodation?
The first step is what I wear -- Google Google grass.
I'm sure many are familiar with them.
What you may not know is that Google Glass, are a device that lets you see what I see.
Let me experience what is going to be a professional sports in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is I try to describe them.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you will fill with your imagination.
We can use Google Glass, underneath a helmet and knowing what's running through the game field at 160 miles -- the blood hitting your ears.
We can know that it feels like a 14-year-old man lets us, trying to tell us all of its being.
I've been there and I assure you that it's nothing nice.
I bring some videos to show you what the Google Telescope is to use under the helmet and give them an idea of that.
Unfortunately, they're not images of the processes of the NASA, because the idea of emerging technology is a submarine coming up to the surface. But we do what we can.
So let's look at a video.
Chris Klever: Come on.
It's horrible to be accountable.
A moment. Let's bring them a little bit.
Really particularly particularly?
Go!
Chris Karley, as you can see, is a probability of what is being made in the football field, from the perspective of the acceptance.
You'll have noticed that lack of people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, company from Washington University.
Marcus Mars, Change 14, Change 14.
Blue eight, Blue eight, go!
Chris Kleania. This is a little bit more to be in the field, but it has nothing to do with being in the NASA.
The fans want that experience.
The fans want to be in the field, will be their favorite players, and I've been asked in YouTube and Twitter -- you can see from the angle of a field magnet.
Or about a correction?
We want to experience that."
Once we have that experience with Google and Google Glass, how do we get out of it? How do we take it to the next level?
We took it to that level using something called Color River, which surely many already know.
The Red Corner has been described as the most realistic virtual reality apparatus ever created, and it's not cheap words.
And I'm going to show you why, with this video.
Man: Oh, oh.
No, no, no. I don't want to keep playing "doubt: No!
Oh, my God." Oh.
CK: That's the experience of a man in a Russian mountain playing for his life.
What will be the experience of a fan when we plot a video Park video crossing the line, getting rid of a card with the arm before running and making an analyzing?" What will be the experience of a fan.
When can I be March running by the car, launching the ball on the bottom of the network?
What will your experience be when it descended from a mountain to more than 100 miles as a human service?
Maybe you increase the sales for adults.
But this is not yet augmented yet.
It's just virtual reality, Rome.
How do we reach the augmented reality, Randa?
We will achieve augmented reality when the coaches and the children and the owners look at what people want to see and think, "How do we use this to improve our states?
How do we use it to win for a standard?
Because they always use technology to win.
They like to win. They give them money.
So here is a brief cave of technology in the NASA.
In 1965, the Parkinson's Parks put a team on their field to play faster.
They won the Super Bowl that year.
Other teams decided to imitate them.
More people saw the party because it was more exciting, faster.
In 1994, the Bolden put radio into the surfaces of the fields and then in the defense.
They had more precisely because it was faster, more entertaining.
In 2013, imagine that they are a player coming back to your group and see his next game shown in front of you, in a plastic odor that you carry in. You won't have to worry about forgetting a game.
Or to memorize the strategy.
Just go out into the field and react.
And the coaches want it because if they don't follow their instructions, they lose standing, and they hate to lose standards.
If you lose parties wake up as a coach coach.
And they don't want that.
But the augmented reality is not just a basic strategy manual.
The augmented reality is also a way to gather information and use it in real time to improve your way to play the game.
How would you do?
Well, a very simple option would be to have a camera in every corner of the stadium, having a view from the top of the people who are down.
You also get information from the sensors of the surfaces and the all the all the searches that you're already working on.
And all of that information is sent to your players.
The good teams will know to send it.
The bad ones will have information communication.
This difference to good teams of bad equipment.
So your computer team will be as important as your resolutions, and the data analysis will stop being just for serious.
It's also going to be definitions. Who would have imagined it?
How would it be in the system?
Imagine you're the field magazine.
You get the ball and back.
You look for an open receiver. Suddenly a flashlight.
Go ahead to the protection area.
Another response tells you that there's an open arrow.
You toss the button, but they would be given down.
The ball loses the trajectory.
You don't know where to land -- though, the receptor sees in his bombsight a area of grass that lights and can modify the race.
You get as a standard, and it goes down and running and informally.
The public concerned and the fans have followed the play from each angle.
This is something that will create massive emotion on the game.
I'll make lots of people see it, because people want to live that experience.
The fans want to be in the field.
They want to be their favorite player.
The reality will be part of the sports because it's too profitable to not be.
But what I ask you is, we want this to be the only use of augmented reality?
Are we going to use it just as bread and correction, like our usual subtle?
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use the augmented reality to foster the empathy between human beings, to show someone how it is literally going to be somewhere else's place.
We know what this technology is worth of sports drugs.
It generates billions of dollars a year.
But how much is this technology for a teacher in the classroom trying to show a abuse how harmful their actions are about from the perspective of the victims?
How much is this technology for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how do you live being properly?
How much is it also for a Harrified Commercial or a Neil George Tesla trying to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science rather than transparent notes and Karanca?
Ladies and gentlemen, the augmented reality is coming.
The questions we make, the decisions that we take and the challenges we face and the challenges that we face as always, as always, of us.
Thank you.
He recently retired me after 23 years of service at the University of California.
And most of those 23 years I was reading the southern southern of the county of Mary, which includes the Goldman Gates.
The bridge is a iconic structure, known globally.
Unfortunately, it's also a magnet for suicide, being one of the most used places in the world.
The Golden Gate Bridge was open in 1973.
Joseph Star, engineering chief was commissioned to build the bridge, said that, "The bridge is basically to test suicide.
suicide from the bridge is not practical or probably."
But from his openness, over 1,600 people have jumped at their death from that bridge.
Some people believe that traveling between the two towers will bring them to another dimension -- this bridge has been sold as such, so that every single one from him releases you from all your concerns and pain, and the waters that are going on underneath your soul.
But let me tell you that it happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide.
After a four to five seconds, the body drops against water about 120 miles an hour.
The impact breaks bone, some of which belonged vital organs.
Most people die in impact.
Those of you who don't normally stand in the helpless water and then they are drowning, and then they are adopted.
I don't think that those who control this method of suicide is realizing the death of death that they will face.
This is the cables.
Except around the two towers, there are 32 inches of parallel steel patterns.
This is where most people are before taking away your life.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is on that edge, and at the darker time, it's very hard to bring them back.
I took this picture last year while this young man was talking to an officer by encouraging her life.
I want to tell you with joy that we were successful that day to bring it back on the band.
When I started working on the bridge, we didn't have any formal training.
We fought to channel the way through these calls.
This was not just a bad service to those who control suicide, but the officers as well.
We've gone a long way since then.
Today, medical officials and psychologists train the new films.
This is Jason Garry.
I met him July 22 last year by getting a call from a possible suicide subject sitting in the garden near the center.
And I said, and when I arrived, I looked at Jason talking with an officer of the bridge Gordon Gate.
Jason was only 32 years old, and he had flown up here from New Jersey.
In fact, I had flown up to two times before New Jersey before New Jersey to try to kill suicide from this bridge.
After about a time talking to Jason and asked us if we knew the story of the Pandora's box.
Recognizing the Greek mythology -- Rome created Danny and sent her to the Earth with a box, and he said, "You never open that box.
Well, one day, curiosity could more than Darwin and she opened the box.
Out of her came out plants, shops, and all sorts of evil against man.
The only good thing in the box was hope.
So Jason asked us, "What happens if you open the box and there's no sea?
And so he stopped a few sitting, leaned on the right, and it was gone.
This kind of nice and smart guy from New Jersey just removed life.
I talked to the parents of Jason that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, it didn't seem to be ringing very well, because the next day, the rabbi of the family called me to see how I was.
The parents of Jason had been asking it.
The collateral damage damage affect many people.
I posed you these questions: What would you do if a member of your family, a friend or someone loved being supported?
What would you say?
You know what to say?
In my experience, you don't just have to talk, but you have to listen to it.
Listening to understand.
You don't tell you, you know, or you tell the person you know how you feel, because you probably don't know.
Just being there, you can be the tipping point you need.
If you think somebody is suicide, you're not afraid to confront and ask the question.
One way to ask you the question is: Other in similar circumstances have you thought about finishing their life -- you've had these thinking has?
To confront the person in front of it can save life and be the tipping point for them.
Other signs to search for hope, despair, believe that things are terrible, and they're never going to improve -- impedically, believe that there's nothing you can do about it, social social isolation, and a lost of interest in life.
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago, and I got an email of a lady and I'd like to read you to read his letter.
She lost her son at 19 of January this year, and he wrote me this email just a couple days ago, and it's with his permission and blessed that I read it.
"Hi, Kevin -- I imagine you're at the TED conference.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking that I should go to the bridge this weekend.
I just wanted to leave you a note.
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to their friends that tell their friends, etc.
I'm still pretty intelligent, but I'm noticing more moments of realizing that Mike will not go back home.
Mike was driving from Lumper to San Francisco to see the cover of the 49 with his father 19 percent January.
It never came there.
I called the Polar Police and reported it as a disappeared that night.
At the next morning, two official officers came to my house and reported that the car of Mike was under the bridge.
A witness had seen it jump from the bridge to the 1850s of the day at 1.2.
Thank you so much for fighting for those who can be temporarily too weak to fight for themselves.
Who hasn't been before bad without suffering a real mental disease?
It shouldn't be so easy to end it.
My prayers are with you for your struggle.
The GG: The Golden Gate Bridge is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay, not a cemetery increase.
Good luck this week, "Mayor."
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and go to the bridge that his son took that day, and also the courage to go ahead.
I'd like to introduce you to a man who I mean with hope and value.
On March 11, 2005, I responded to a radio call for a possible suicide subject on the sidewalk of the bridge near the north tower near the northern tower near the northern tower near the northern tower near the North Side of the bridge near the Earth.
I drove my motorcycle through the sidewalk, and I looked at this man, Kevin Keep standing in the sidewalk.
When I saw me, I immediately crossed the railing and stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower.
For the next hour and a half later, I heard like Kevin talked about his depression and despair.
Kevin decided for his account that day to come back on that lane and give it to life another opportunity.
When Kevin came back, happiness.
"This is a new beginning, a new life."
But I asked him, "What did it do to come back and give the hope and life another indication?
And you know what he told me?
He said, "I'm listening.
You let me talk and just listen to you."
Shortly after that incident, I got a letter from the mother, and I have that letter with me, and I would like to read it.
"Dear Greek, nothing will erase the events of the March 11, and you are one of the reasons Kevin remains with us.
Honestly, I think Kevin was killing for help.
It's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it's been properly democratized.
I adopted Kevin when I was only six months old, completely unconscious of all those day recorded traits -- but thank God, we now know it.
Kevin is in order.
We give God for you.
It definitely with you, Gravilian Kepler with you.
And at the end she wrote, "Power: When I visited General San Francisco that night, you would figure out how the patient.
"I go, "I know I had to give it out."
Today, Kevin is a loving father and active member of society.
He speaks openly about the events of that day and his depression with the hope that his story inspired others.
suicide is not just something that I've found in the work.
It's personal.
My grandfather was suicide with poison.
That act, despite finishing its own pain, stole the opportunity to meet it.
This is what suicide.
For most of the suicide people, or those who consider suicide, they wouldn't think about encouraging somebody else.
They just want their own pain to go.
Usually this gets only three ways: sleep, drugs or alcohol or death.
In my career, I've answered and I've been involved in hundreds of mental illness and calls around the bridge.
Of those incidents I've been directly involved, I've only lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Japanese.
The other one was a man who talked about a hour.
During that time, I shook my hand in three times.
In the final one, I looked at me, and he said, "Hey, I sorry, but I have to go."
And I jumped out.
Transmit, absolutely awful.
I want to tell you, though, that the vast majority of people that we get to contact in that bridge are not supported.
In addition, those few people who have jumped from the bridge and living and they can talk about it, that one or two percent, most of those people have said that the second one to leave the railing realized that they had made a mistake and wanted to live.
I tell people, the bridge not only connected brown with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection, or bridge that we do, is something that everyone and each of us should be striving to do.
The suicide can be preventable.
There's help. There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you what you're not like, but in your interior you know what you are, and a question would say, "How do you become that?
I have to be something unique in that sense, but I'm not alone, in any way I'm alone.
When I became a model I felt that I had finally achieved the dream that I had had since a child.
My exterior finally agreed with my inner truth, with my inner self.
For complicated reasons, I want to tell you later when I look at this picture -- I think -- you know, the tour of it, you get it, you get it, you get it.
But the October, I discovered that, I mean, I am starting to start.
All of us are talking to our families, our religion, our society, our time in history, even our bodies.
Some of them have the courage to be released, to get rid of the limitations tax by the color of the skin or the beliefs of those around us.
They're people who always challenge the status quo, which is considered accepted.
In my case, the last nine years, a lot of my neighbors -- a lot of my friends, my agent, I ignored my story.
I think this generation is called revolution.
This is mine.
I was registered as "bridge as I was born because of my genital care.
I remember my five years in the Philippines, in my house, I always wore this shirt in the head.
And my mom asked me, "Why do you always take that shirt in the care?"
I said, "Mom, it's my hair. I'm a girl."
I knew how to contract it.
The gender has always considered an architectural fact, but we now know that, really, it's something more complex and mysterious, actually.
Because of my success, I never started sharing my story, not because I thought it's going to be bad, but why the world deals with those of us who want to liberate them.
Every day I appreciate to be female.
I have Mom and dad and a family who accepted me as I am.
Many are not so lucky.
There's a long tradition in the Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender.
There's a Buddhist goddess of compassion.
There's a Hindu Hindu goddess of the born.
And when I was eight years old, I was in a party in the Philippines who celebrated these mysteries in the Philippines, celebrating these mysteries in it.
I was in front of the stage and I remember that this beautiful woman appeared to me, and I remember that moment as if something hit me, this is the kind of woman I want to be.
And when I was 15 years old, when I still met man, I met this woman called Tita.
It's the director of a self-controlled beauty.
That night she asked me, "Why haven't you involved in the resource concept?
He told me that if he participated she would get rid of the charges and the visit of the view, and that night, won in a bathroom suit, won in the sand suit and left third finalists between more than 40 candidates.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, it was inside the world of beauty regions.
Not a lot of people can say that their first work was from region of beauty of sexual women, but I can.
I also met the goddess of the destructions, especially when we traveled to remote provinces of the Philippines, especially when we traveled to the remote provinces of the Generation.
But more importantly, I met my best friends of that community.
In 2001, my mom had moved to San Francisco, and I was called and told me that they approved my decline from the green card that I could go to live to the United States.
I was scared.
I told my mother, "Marine, I'm having fun.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a research real.
But then, two weeks later, he called me and said, "You know that if you moved to the United States you can change the name and the identity of the group?
It was all I needed to hear.
My mom suggested to me that I would put two to my name.
She also accompanied me when I stood in Thailand at the age of 19.
It's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand, do the most prestigious surgeries of the world, sophisticated and safe.
At that time, in the United States, it was necessary to get surgery before we change the name and the gender.
So in 2001 I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the driver's license.
It was a big moment.
For some people, their identity document means being able to drive or be able to get a drink, but for me it was the license to live, to make sense of it.
Suddenly, my fears saw military.
I felt that I could conquer my dream and move to New York, and being a model.
Many are not so lucky.
I think about this woman named Alaska Philades.
A young woman in New York who was mostly living his truth, but that respect, he put into his life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live.
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
All of November we do a global blind for the Democratic Day of the Stevensome.
I'm on this stage thanks to a long story of people who fight and stood in front of injustice.
These are Mars Peter Park, Johnson and Sylvia First.
Today, right now, I'm coming out of the closet.
I can't keep living my truth alone and just for me.
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame.
I'm here, exposing me, so that there are no more than 20 of Millimanua.
My most profound truth led me to accept what I am.
Will you do that?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.  Katrina Salley: Gene, a quick question.
George Roverset: Sure. You see, first, thank you with all my divides.
In my support network, my parents especially, to my family, which is very strong.
I remember all the times I attended young women to come, who had supported, and sometimes when they called me and told me that their parents couldn't accept it. I took the phone, I call my mom and said, "Mommy, can you call this woman."
Sometimes it worked, others -- it's not just gender identity, that's what's in the center of what we are, right?
I mean, we all get a gender at birth, and what I'm trying to do is put on the table the subject that some times that respect is not a career, and that there should be a space that lets people adapt, and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with colleagues.
The transparent movement is starting compared to gay movement.
There's still a lot of work to do.
It should have understanding.
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions, and I hope you all are my allies.
KS: Thank you. Very nice, GG: Thank you.
In many patriarchal and tribal societies, the parents are usually known for their children, but I'm one of the few parents who is known for their daughter and I'm proud of it.
Malaria began his campaign for education defending his rights in 2007, and when their efforts were their efforts in 2011, when he was given to the National National Prince of peace, it became very famous -- a very popular girl in his country.
Before that, I was my daughter, but now I'm his father.
Ladies and gentlemen, if we take a look at the history of humanity, the history of women is the history of injustice.
You see, in the patriarchal societies, just from the beginning, when a child born, their birth doesn't celebrate it.
It's not welcome -- not for his father, not for his mother.
The neighborhood comes in, day his condoms to the mother and no one in the father.
And a mother fits a lot for having a child.
When it gives birth to the first child, the first daughter, it gets sad.
When it comes to light to the second daughter, you trust it, and with the hope of a son, when he would take his third daughter, it feels guilty as a criminal.
Not only the mother is, but the daughter -- the daughter newborns, when he grows up, it suffers too.
At the age of five years, when I should go to school, you stay at home and school limits their brothers at home.
Until the age of 12 years, somehow, it has a good life.
You can be fun.
It can play with your friends on the street, and it can move through the streets as a butterfly.
But when you go into the adolescence, when he turned 13 years old, he was promised to go out of his house without a male facility.
It's confined to the four walls of his house.
It's no longer a free person.
It becomes the honor of his father and her brothers and his family and if you translate the code of that honor, he could even kill it.
And it's interesting that this idea code of honor. It doesn't only affect the life of a lot, it also affects the lives of family members of the family.
So this brother, he sacrifice the joy of his life and the happiness of his sisters on behalf of the honor.
And there's a norm more of the patriarchal societies that are called prediction.
A good girl must be very hot, very humble and very sustainable.
It's the criterion of the crowd.
The model of a good girl must be cold.
It's supposed to be silent and that it accepts decisions of his father and mother and decisions of the elderly -- even if you don't want to.
If you house it with a man who doesn't like or if the house with a old man, he has to accept it, because it doesn't want to be a super super conductor.
If the house very young, it has to accept it.
Otherwise, you call it a desk.
And what happens to the end?
In words of a protest, "The house, they love it, and then give birth to more children and children."
And the irony of the situation is that this mother, it ties the same lesson to his daughter and the same lesson of honor to his children.
And this vicious circle continues and continues.
We wanted brothers and sisters, when Marine was born, and for the first time, believe me, I don't like the newly born -- to be honest, but when I was there and looked at his eyes, believe me, I felt incredibly honored.
And a lot before I was born, I thought about her name, and she was fascinated with a legendary legendary of freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Mariel from Marine, and I called my daughter like this.
But when I looked at me, they were all men, and I grabbed my pen, and I took a line of my name, and I wrote, "Harmony.
And when she grew up, when I was four and a half years old, I admit it in my school.
You might wonder, why should I mention the impression of a girl in a school?
Yes, I should mention it.
You can take it for granted in Canada, in America, in many developed countries, but in poorer countries, in patriarchal societies, in tribal societies, is a great event for the life of girls.
Institutional in a school means the recognition of his identity and his name.
A school station means that it has entered the world of dreams and the aspirations where it can explore their potential for their future life.
I have five sisters. And none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised, two weeks earlier, when I was growing the Canadian visitor, and I was in the relative part of family, I couldn't remember my legs of some of my sisters.
And the reason I had never seen the names of my sisters written at any document.
That was the reason I value my daughter.
What my father couldn't give my sisters to their daughters, I thought I had to change it.
I used to appreciate the intelligence and the safety of my daughter.
I was encouraged to sit with me when my friends came to see me.
I encouraged it to go with me to different meetings.
And all of these values, I've tried to plug them into their personality.
And this wasn't just for her, just for Malash.
I've shared all these good values in my school to girls and boys alike.
It used education for the communication.
I taught my daughters, taught students to forget the lesson of privacy.
I taught students to forget the lesson of so-called the sort of definitely.
The loved brothers and sisters, we fought for more rights for women, and we fought to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found a new phenomenon.
It was lethal for human rights and, in particular, for women's rights.
It was called a transition.
That means a complete denial of the participation of women in all political, economic and social activity.
Hundreds of schools were lost.
The girls were banned to go to school.
The women were forced to wear airplanes and stopped going to markets.
The musicians were silent, the national girls and the supermarket sitting.
They would take millions of them, but a few people talking, and it was terrifying to have around those people who kill and advertise when you talk about their rights.
It's really frightening.
In the age of 10 years, Malassember got up and raised on the right to education.
He wrote a newspaper for the blog of the BBC -- she offered himself for the New York Times, and I talked about every platform that he could.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It spreads as a clear around the world.
And that was the reason that the Taliban could not tolerate their campaign and October 9 in October 2012, they shot burning on the head.
It was a medical day for my family and me.
The world became a great black hole.
While my daughter was discussing between life and death, he whispered to my wife to my wife -- "I should blame what happened to my daughter to your child?"
And he suddenly said, "Please don't blame you.
You defending the right cause.
You put your life in play for the cause of truth, because of peace, and because of education, and your daughter inspired in you and joined you.
Both of them were on the right path and God the protection protected.
These few words were very much meant to me, and I didn't ask again.
When Malance was in the hospital and she had severe pains and severe headaches of head because his facial nerve was cut down, I used to see a dark shadow that stretches through the face of my wife.
But my daughter never complained, though.
I used to tell you, "I'm fine with my right smile and my face on my face.
I'll be okay. Please don't worry.
It was a convention for us, and it was us.
And dear brothers and sisters, we've learned from it how to resist at the most difficult moments, and I'm pleased to share with you that despite being an icon for women's rights and women, it's like any girl in 16 years.
He cried when he didn't end up.
They fight with his siblings, and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me, "What about especially in my tutor that has made so audacious to Marcolo so brave and express and minister?
I mean, don't ask me what I did.
Ask me what I didn't do.
He didn't cut their wings, and that's it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.
I was operating of the brain 18 years ago, and since that day, the science of the brain has become a personal passion.
I'm a engineer.
And I want to tell you that I recently joined the Google group of Google, where I've had a divide to my car -- the vision of Google X, but all the work I talk about today about the science of the brain, I did it before I joined Google or outside my work there.
Having said this, there's a stigma when you get into a brain operation.
Are you still as smart or not?
Not that way, could you be absolutely?
After the speech, I was missing a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It wasn't the gray matter, but it was the dominant death of the center that creates important hormones and security.
Immediately, after the operation, I had to decide what much to take, from more than a dozen chemicals every day, because if I didn't take anything, it would die in a few hours.
Every day, for the last 18 years, I've had to decide about the combinations and mix of chemicals, and try to get them to keep them alive.
More than one time I've been saved by a time.
But luckily, I have exploration soul, so I decided that I would experience to try to get the optimal dose because there really isn't a clear map to say it in detail.
I started testing with different mixes and I was surprised by seeing how little doses in doses changed dramatically my automation, my sense of who I was, my sense of thinking, my behavior with others.
One particularly impressive case, for a few months, I tried and I tried typical chemicals and chemical chemistry for a man of view, and I was amazed when I saw my thoughts.
I was always physical -- I thought all the time in sex, and I thought it was the smartest person around the world, and   -- of course, many times in the past I've met several types like this, or maybe some attendant versions of it.
It turned out as a extreme.
But my great surprise was that I wasn't trying to be a bit of a business.
In fact, I was trying to be trying to actually try to fix a problem that had the front, and it simply doesn't happen like this.
So, I couldn't manage it.
My dose changed.
But I think that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and what they have to go through. Since then I get better with men.
What I was trying to do, when I adjust those hormones and security and so on, I was to regain my intelligence after the disease and the operation.
I tend to think almost always in pictures, and that became my key point, how do I get those mental images that I use to create protocols, my ideas, if you want to test new ideas and recreate situations.
This kind of thoughts is not new.
Malassember like Humpility, Descartes and Bob see things like this.
They thought that images and mental ideas were the same thing.
There are these who question this idea, and there are a lot of discussions about how the mind works -- to me is simple: for most of us, mental imagery is fundamental for creative and invention thinking.
So after several years, I managed to find the point right and I have lots of great mental ministers, really, really sophisticated and well structures.
Now, I'm working on how to take these mental pictures, from my mind to the computer screen.
Can you imagine what would happen if a movie director was able to use your imagination just to steer the world that he has on the front.
Or if a musician could extract the music of your head?
There are incredible possibilities with this, like the way that creative people can come to share the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difficulty to do this is simply increasing the resolution of our systems of brain scanning systems.
Let me show you why I think we're pretty close to get to this with two recent experiments made by two groups in neuroscience.
They both use MRI technology, image by functional magnetic resonance -- to represent the brain. Here you can see the brain scan done by George Gandhi and their colleagues of Harvard.
The column on the left shows the scan of a person who looks at an image.
The middle of the media shows the scanning of the brain of that same individual as it was imagined by seeing that same image.
The column on the right is created by the contents of the central column on the left, and you see the difference is almost subject.
This is repeated in many different individuals with lots of different images, always with a similar outcome.
The difference between seeing an image and imagine seeing that same picture is almost subject.
Now, let me share another experiment. This is the lab of Jack Gallery in Berkeley, California.
They managed to convert brain waves into recognized visual fields.
Let's put it in this way.
In this experiment, we showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos while they were climbing their brains to create a great gap of brain reactions in the video sequence.
Then I showed you a movie with new images, new people, new animals, and while they were a new scan of it.
The computer, using only the brain information of the scanning decided to show what seemed like the person was seeing.
On the right you can see the computer detections, and on the left, the video I showed you.
This left us barriers.
We're pretty close to achieve it.
We just need to improve resolution.
And now, remember, when you see an image and when you imagine that same picture, you create the same mapping brain.
This was conducted with the brain scanning systems available today, and its resolution is increasing as a thousand times in the last few years.
Now we need to increase the resolution about a thousand times more to get a deeper look.
How did we do that?
There are a lot of techniques to do it.
One is open up the skull and introduce electrodes to it.
I don't do it for that.
And so many of you are proposing new techniques of projection for images, even me. By counting with the recent result of MRI -- first we should ask ourselves the next thing, this technology will be the end of the road?
conventional wisdom says that the only way to get greater resolution is with bigger magnets -- but at this point, more large magnets only offer small improvements in the resolution -- not increase for thousands like we need.
I propose this idea: instead of larger magnets, let's make better magnets.
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different rules, like making a conservation.
And why does this matter?
Over the last few years, a huge amount of effort in MRI were to make really big magnets -- right?
However, most of the recent advances in resulting and brilliant solutions in coding and designers and decision, in the statistics and frequency receives of Falland radio in the MRI systems.
At its time, instead of a magnetic magnetic field, we use chemical patterns saturated to the frequencies of FM radio.
So by combining magnetic patterns with the patterns of the film processing processing patterns we can increase mass information that can be extracted in one scan alone.
In addition, we can then divide into layers our growing knowledge about the structure of brain and memory to create increase in the thousands that we need.
By using the Francisco should be able to measure not just the blood of blood blood flow, but the one of the hormones and self-defined that I've mentioned and maybe even direct neural activity. This is sleep.
We will be able to shoot our ideas in a direct way to digital media.
Can you imagine if we could go through language and communicate directly through the thinking?
What would we be capable of.
And how do we learn to deal with the truths of human thinking without relaxive?
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be substantial to use it as a tool to amplify our skills of thinking and communication.
Certainly, this same tool could lead to the cure of Alzheimer's and similar diseases.
We have a few more choices to open up this door.
In all ways, pick up a year, will happen in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine that it will take a lot more.
We have to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you about this night about getting out of the closet, and not in a traditional sense, not just gay arm.
I think we all have arms.
Your sister may be telling some person for the first time that the love or telling someone who is pregnant, or say to someone who has cancer, or any other conversation that you have in the life.
All harmony is a difficult conversation, and even though our issues can vary forever, the experience of having lived and have come out of that frog is something universal.
Day fear, and we don't like it, and it must happen.
A lot of years ago, I was working on the South Side Canada Canada, a restaurant in the city, and I was there, I had to go through several stages of the intensity of the basic military military, not going to add my armpits to quote the letters from Ali David Francisco as a leg.
And I will be aware that because of the height of my short screen, and I had taken my head out of my head, and I would usually ask you a little kid -- "Hey, are you a boy or a girl?"
And it would appear a uncomfortable silence on the table.
I would play my jaw a little more, I would take my coffee with a network of battery.
The father would immediately play the newspaper, and the mother would launch a cold look at his son.
But I wouldn't say anything, and I would go inside.
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years old, he was ready to fight.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised that next time I would say something.
It would have that difficult conversation.
So after a few weeks, it happened.
Are you a kid or a girl?"
A family silence, but this time I was prepared and was about to get out of full of the female issues on the table,  I had the Betty French parties.
The quote from Gloria Transition.
Even a snippet of the "Vagina Monologues" who would show you.
Then breathing and I went down to my gaze and my parents a little girl with a pink dress, looking at what is not a challenge for a feminist polio, just a little girl with a question: "Are you boys or school?
So I got a little bit of the story back again, and I got out of speculation near her, and I said, "Hey, I know this is a confidence thing.
I have the short hair like a boy, and I see a kid, but I'm a girl, and you know, like you like to use a pink dress, and sometimes you like to use a comfortable drive.
Well, I'm more like a song of a comfortable piece.
And that girl looked at me again, paying attention, and he said, "My favorite piece is violent and has a fish.
Can you give me a kid, please?
And that was everything. Just "Oh, yeah. You're a girl.
What about the corner that I paralyzed?
It was the easy conversation easier than ever ever had.
And why? Because the girl of the corner and I, both of us were honest with each other.
So as many of us, I've lived in some weapons in my life, and yes, my walls used to be a rainbow.
But in the dark, you can't know what color is the walls.
You just know how one feels like living in a closet.
That's how my sister is not different from your own or your or your own.
Now, I will give you 100 reasons why to get out of my closet. It was harder than coming out of yours, but this is the thing: The hard thing is not relative.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can tell you that explain to someone who has been declared in a broken bank is harder than saying that it's been a stuff?
Who can tell you that this story that is more difficult to say to your five year-old son who are going to give you to track you?
There's no more difficult, there's only the hard.
We need to stop building what is hard to do with what hard for another person to make us feel better or worse in relation to our weapons and we should just feel empathy because we all live something difficult.
At some point in our lives, we all live in closet, and they may make sense of security, or at least more security than the other side of the door.
But I'm here to tell you, that no matter what your walls are made -- a weapon is not a place to live.
Thank you.  Imagine yourself 20 years ago.
I had a horse tail, a seat and shoes of high taste.
It wasn't the militant lesbian ready to fight any four-year-old child to go into the coffee.
I was frozen by fear -- I was forced in a corner of my dark closet. I started my gay farm, and moving only a muscle is the most scary thing I've ever done.
My family, my friends, complete strangers that I've spent my entire life trying to not tell them, and now the world was going back to the point.
I was burning the pages of a script that we've all followed for so long, but if you don't launch that gravity, you will kill you.
One of my most memorable farm launches was on my sister's wedding.
It was the first time that a lot of between the guests knew that it was gay, and when I was doing my honor ladies, in my black dress and the stores, walked around the tables and finally came to one where they were my parents' friends, people who knew me years ago.
And after talking a moment, one of the women shouted, "I love Nathan Lenning."
And the battle of the gay narrative had begun.
"Ah, did you ever go in the Cartoon?
"Well, yeah, the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco.
"Well, we've never gone there, but we've heard it's fabulous.
And "I know my analysis analyzer?
It's very good, and he's never talked about having non-expected.
And what is your favorite TV show.
Our favorite program Will and Greek and Greece.
And you know who we love: Jack us?
Jack is our favorite."
And then a woman, she disappeared, but in waiting to show her support, to make me know that he was on my side, finally said they'll be on my side, finally said to me, "Well, sometimes my husband uses pink campaigns.
And I had an opportunity at that time, as you have all the gravitational streams.
Surely, it could have been easy to indicate where they felt some of them.
It's not very difficult to find them and realize the fact that they were confronted.
And what else can you ask someone, but to transform?
If you're going to be authentic with somebody, you have to be prepared for how authentic you get.
It's like the hard conversations continue to be my strong point.
Ask anybody that I have come out.
But I'm getting better, and I follow what I like to call the three principles of the girl of the News.
Now, please look at this through gay perspective, but you understand that what it involves out of any harmony is essentially the same thing.
Number one: Be authentic.
Hold your armor out. Be yourself.
That girl in the coffee didn't have any armor but I was ready for the battle.
If you want someone to be genetic, others must know that we also suffer.
Number two: Be direct -- you just give it. You take your parts.
If you know they're gay, give them.
If you say your parents might maybe be gay, they'll keep the hope that that could change.
They don't give them a sense of false hope.
And number three, more important.  Let the complex.
You communicate your truth.
They never apologize for that.
And some of you may be able to make sure of what they've done, but they never apologize by what they are.
And yes, maybe some people will feel disappointed, but that something in them, not in you.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, but not your own.
That's the story of them, but not you.
The only story that matters is that you want to write.
So the next time you find yourself in an armed dark computer, you have to know that we've all been there before.
And you may feel very simple, but they're not.
Thank you, Shakespeare. Enjoy the village.
intelligence, what is that?
If you look at the story of how intelligence, an productive example has been the famous quote from Excuse "Digital that "The question of whether a machine can think about is as interesting as the question of whether a submarine can not."
When December Charter wrote this as a criticism to the pioneers of computer like Alan Australia.
And so, a few years ago, I started a program to try to understand the fundamental physical mechanisms underlying intelligence.
Let's go back a step.
First, let's start with a mental experiment.
Imagine you're from an alien race, that you don't know anything about the biology of Earth and no neuroscience of the Earth, but they have incredible telescopes and you can look at the Earth, and they have incredibly long lives, so you can see the Earth for millions, even billions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as markets, we know that the reason we are trying to save ourselves ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you are from an alien race that doesn't know anything about this, which has no concept about the intelligence of the Earth, they would be forced to develop a physical theory that would explain how, to a certain moment in time, the asteroids that govern the surface of a planet instantly stopped doing it.
And so I claim that this is the same question that we can understand the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that led to a number of years ago, I was involved by a variety of topics through science, through several disciplines that were pointing out, I think, towards a single underlying mechanism of intelligence.
In cosmology for example, there has been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be finally suited to the development of intelligence, and in particular, for the development of universal states that maximize diversity of future possible.
Finally, in robotic movement, there's been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action with the end of doing complex tasks.
And so taking all these different issues and putting them together, I asked them, I asked for several years: Is there a underlying mechanism for intelligence that we could extract from all these different things?
Is there only one equation for intelligence?
And I think the answer is yes. What you're looking at is probably the closest equivalent to one and a half for intelligence than I have seen.
So what you're seeing here is a statement that intelligence is a force -- F that acts with the end of maximizing the future freedom of action.
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action or keeping open choices, with a force T, with the diversity of possible future future, yes, even an impending future time, to the future.
In a nutshell, intelligence doesn't like to get stuck.
Intelligence tries to maximize the future freedom of action and keeping open options.
And so, having in mind this equation, it's natural to ask: What can you do with this?
How difficulty is it?
Does the level of human intelligence?
Does artificial intelligence predict artificial intelligence.
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, show some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: recent research in cosmology have suggested that the universes that produce more detector, or "the interviewer, during their life should have tendency to more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us.
But what if that collective cosmological connection between entropy and intelligence is a more profound relationship.
What if intelligent behavior is not only correlated with the production of entropy in the long term, but actually emerges directly from her?
To find out, we've developed a software engine called Europe, designed to maximize the production of long-term entropy in any system that is found inside.
Amazingly, I could spend multiple evidence of animal intelligence, playing human games, and even making money trading action, all of them without being told to do that.
Here are some examples of European in action.
Just like a foot of feet without falling away, here we see Canadama automatically supporting a paper using a cart.
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave a goal.
He just decided for his care to balance the day.
This balance skill will have applications for human robotics and human care.
This ability to use tools to have applications in smart manufacturing and agriculture.
In addition, just like some other animals can cooperate from the extreme opposite of a rope at the same time to release food, here we see that entropy can be able to make a version of the model of that task.
This ability of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and in a variety of other fields.
The England is widely applicable to a variety of communities.
For example, here we see it successfully playing a game of putting against itself, looking at its potential for play.
Here we see European to build new connections in a social network where friends are constantly set and keeps the network right together.
This same capacity of network network also has applications in health care, energy and intelligence.
Here we see European organizing the routes of a stranger fleet discovering with success and using the Panama Canal, to extend the global level of the Atlantic to the Pacific.
In the same way, European is widely applicable to problems in autonomous defense and logistics and transportation.
Finally, here we see European spontaneously discovering and run a security strategy -- salt in a simulated series of business negotiation -- successfully, increasing assets under its exponential management.
This risk of risk management will have massive applications in finance and safe.
Alex Growth." What you've seen is that a variety of brands of intelligent cognitive behaviors such as tools use, to walk upright and social cooperation, everyone derived from a single equation, which leads to a system to maximize its future freedom of action.
Now, here's a profound irony here.
Let's go back to the beginning of use of the term of the robot, the Portugal work, there was always the concept that if we developed smart machines, there would be a cyber general.
The machines would be lifted against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades, we've had all the concept of cyber religion to the reverse.
It's not that machines first become smart and then magical and trying to get rid of the world.
It's all the opposite, that the impulse of taking control of all the future possible future is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence of intelligence, that general intelligence can actually come from taking control of control, rather than being backwards.
Another important consequence is the pursuit of the target.
They often ask me, "How do you look for goals to get rid of this kind of campaign?
My equivalent to that statement to go through the descendants to help us build artificial intelligence or help us understand human intelligence, is this: intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid constraints in its own future.
Thank you very much.
We're at a point of inflection in human history, something between the conquered of stars and losing the planet that we call "House."
But in the last few years, we've expanded our knowledge of how the Earth fits in the context of the universe.
The NASA mission NASA has discovered thousands of possible planets orbiting around other stars, which points that the Earth is only one between the billions of planets of our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the faint light intensity of stars when planets go around them, and block a little bit of that light that comes to us.
The data collected by Kepler shows the sizes of planets besides the distance of the distance that there are between them and their mother star.
In contrast, this helps us understand whether these planets are small, rather rocky as the Earth's planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light they get from their sun.
Instead, this gives you clues about whether these planets that we find are habitable or not.
Unfortunately, while we're finding this textbook of potentially habitable worlds, our own planet is falling under the weight of humanity.
2014 was the most hot, the most hot decade.
The moral ice and the sea ice that have been with us from millennia now are disappearing in a matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we have caused on the global scale have rapidly passed our ability to alter their course.
But I am not a scientist of climate, no anonymity of the climate.
I study the ability of the planet influenced by stars, with hope to find places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet.
You could say that you look for alien opportunities in the community sector.
Now, as someone really interested in the search search in the universe I can tell you that the more you look for Earth-like planets to Earth, more enjoy our own planet.
Each of these new worlds invites a comparison between the planet newly discovered and planets that we know better -- in our solar system.
Let's take our neighbor, Mars.
Mars is small and race, and despite being a little bit farther from the Sun, it can be considered a world potentially proven demonstrated by a mission like the Kentage.
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past, and in part, it's why we studied so much to Mars.
Our restrictions like the Christmas tracking their surface in search for clues of life as we know it.
The satellites that orbit it, like the mass of the Michael mission, they take samples of the atmosphere, and they try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their ability.
private companies now offer not only short space flights but also the ability to live on Mars.
But even though all of these magnitudes are remind us to the desert of our planet, places that are linked in our imagination with the saddlen ideas and pioneer ideas, compared to Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
Let's take the extension of the desert areas of our planet that still remain for collecting, really consistent places compared to Mars.
Even in the most dry, driest places of the Earth the air is fresh and full of oxygen depressed by our tropical forests to thousands of miles away.
I worry that this excitement for the colonization of Mars and other tourist planets with a big and sad subject, the implication and the belief of some of the Mars will be waiting there to save us from this influenced development of the only planet that we know that is truly baby, the Earth.
For a long time I like planetary exploration, I'm deep disagree with this idea.
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars, but say Mars will be there to save humanity is like figuring out that the captain of the Titanic will actually tell us that the party will actually have place in the wild.   Thank you.
But the targets for planetary exploration, and the land preservation is not contractive.
No, they're actually faces of the same currency -- the goal of understanding and preserve and improve life in the future.
The extreme environments present in our world as extraterrestrial paradox.
They're just getting closer to home.
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces, in the hostile and units of the Earth, maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a mental experiment, the paradox of Fermer.
A lot of years ago, the physicist Medical Fermi said, self-assembly that our universe has existed for a long time, and we hope that there are many planets in this universe, we should have found evidence of the existence of alien life so far.
Well, where are they?
Well, a possible solution to the Fermi paradox is that when civilizations are becoming enough technologically advanced to consider to keep living between the stars, they lose the notion of how important it is to protect the origin of planets that drive this development.
It's arrogant to think that only industrial planning will save us from ourselves, but planetary preservation and planetary exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to fear the hostile environments of Mars for human presence, then we should be able to overcome the even easier task of preserving habitat on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, my own house.
And while I was on the front porch looking at my pockets, I realized I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could see the window that they were on the dining table, where I had left them.
So fast I tried to open up all the other doors and windows and everybody was fine.
I thought about calling a pig, at least I had my cell phone, but at midnight, a closed cord could take a lot of time to come in, and he was cold.
I couldn't go back home from my friend of Jeff to spend night because I had a flight back to Europe to the next morning, and I was feeling from my passport and my suitcase.
It would be expensive, but I'm sure not more expensive than a ride in the middle of the night, so I thought, despite circumstances, I was going to come out well.
I'm a profession, and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress.
It releases cortical literature that increases heart rhythm, molecular levels of adrenaline and cloud thinking.
And when I got to the manufacturing show in the airport, I realized I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleep.
And I started wondering, if there was something that could do, systems that could put in place that prevent bad things happen.
Or at least if bad things happen, which minimize the probability of being a total catastrophe.
So I started thinking about that, but until a month later, my thoughts didn't reverse.
I was meeting with my colleague Danny Hans, winning from the Nobel Prize, and a little embarrassed I told him that I broke the window, and I had forgotten with me that I had been practicing something called a processing perspective.
It's something that he had learned from the psychologist Gary Kiril, who had written this for a few years earlier, also known as the primary.
Everybody knows what programming is.
Every time there's a disaster, a team of experts comes and try to figure out what went wrong, right?
In the primary, as Danny says, you look forward and trying to figure out all the things that you might go wrong, and then try to figure out what can do to prevent things to happen or to minimize damage.
So what I want to talk to you about is some things we can do in the form of a promise.
Some of them are obvious, others are not so obvious.
I'm going to start with the obvious.
In the house, it will take a place for things that are missing easily.
This sounds common sense and it is, but there's a lot of science that supports this thesis based on how our space memory works.
There is a structure in the brain called the hippocampus, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a tracking of the location of important things, where the fish are, where the fish are, where the brutal trees live, where tribes are living and enemy.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that is safe in the taxi statistics.
It's the part of the brain that allows the parents to find their nuts.
And if you ask if someone really did the experiment, they cut the smell of the artists and they still could find their nuts.
They didn't use smell but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move much, not so good for things that move a lot.
This is the reason for losing cars, reading and paradies and paradise.
So at home you choose a place for keys, a hook next to the door, maybe a decorative dish.
So for your passport, a particular heat.
For their reading glasses, a particular message.
If you pick up a place and they're school with it, your stuff will always be there when you look for them.
What about the videos?
Take a picture of your credit cards, license of driving, stop, encouraging it by mail itself so they are in the cloud.
If these things lose or steal them, this can make the substitute easier to it.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when you're under stress, the brain releases a lot.
The control is toxic and international thinking.
So part of primary practice is to recognize that low stress will not be at the best moment, and you have to put the systems on its site.
And there are perhaps no more stressful situation than when you face a medical decision.
And at some point, we will all be in that situation, to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical attention or a loved being, to help them with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'll talk about a very particular medical condition.
But this spreads as a prediction for all decision making, and in fact for the decision-making decision and social decisions, any kind of decision that you have to take from the one rational evaluation of facts would benefit from.
So suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says, "I've received the result of the lab and the cholesterol is a little bit high.
Everybody knows that high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular diseases, heart attack, brain spill down.
So you're thinking that having the high cholesterol is not the best, then the doctor says, "I'd like to give you a drug that will help you reduce the color, a status."
And maybe you have heard about the status, and it knows that it's one of the most unfortunate drugs in the world today -- even you probably know people who take them.
So you think, "Yeah, remind me the status."
But there's a question that you should do then, a statistic that is supposed to ask that most doctors don't want to talk, and pharmaceutical companies even less.
It's for the Changing, the number necessary to treat.
And what is this, the Channin?
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or get rid of a surgery in any medical processing before you help a person.
And should you think about what kind of extra statistics is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor would not give me something if I wasn't going to help you.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work that way.
And it's not blame of the doctor, and if it's guilty of somebody, it's from scientists like me.
We haven't understood very well the underlying mechanisms.
But the systems of Males is that 90 percent of drugs work only 30 to 50 percent of people.
So the number need to treat the most widely recent scenario. What do you think it is?
How many people have to take it before they help a person?
300 dollars.
This according to the research of cynical researchers Jerusalem George and Harry Harvard, confirmed independently by Bloastah.
I'm exploring numbers.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before avoiding a single heart attack, stroke brain or another adverse event.
Now you might think, "Well, one probability in 300 to lower my cholesterol color.
Why not? Doctor and the recipe anyway."
But then you have to ask for a statistic more, and it's about the step of "site "straight" "The "Station?" Right?
For this particular drug, side effects are produced by five percent of patients.
And those include terrible things -- the delightful muscle pain and the artificial pain, but now they think, "The five percent is not very likely to happen to me, still to take the medicine.
But a moment.
They remember that low stress don't think clearly.
So think about how this is going to look at this over time, so you don't have to manufacture the chain of reasoning in the act.
300 people take the drug, right? A person has helped you, five percent of the 300 have secondary effects, that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to go through the drug that you help you to help you.
I don't say they had or not to take the status.
I just say you should have this conversation with your doctor.
Medical ethics requires it, it's part of the beginning of informed consent principle.
We have access to having access to this kind of information to start conversation about whether you want to assume the risks or not.
You may be thinking that I've launched this number in the air for the value of the crash, but actually this number needs to treat is quite typical.
For the surgery that more is done in the older men of 50, the prostate of prostate prostate -- the number needed to treat is 1994.
That's how 49 surgeries per person who has helped to.
And the side effects in that case, they produce in 50 percent of patients.
They include the importance or erectile dysfunction, organic income, large anti-degree -- fecal purpose.
And if you get lucky and you are one of that 50 percent of the effects just last year or two.
So the idea of primate is to think before time the questions that you can plan to push the conversation forward.
You don't have to make all this stuff in the act.
And they also want to think about the quality of life.
Because you have a choice a lot of times, you want a shorter life free of pain, or a longer life than you could have much pain to the end?
These are the things you talk about and think about now, with their family and their loved ones.
You can change the heat of the moment, but at least you are trained in this kind of thinking.
Remember, our brain releases cortical under stress, and one of the things that happens at that moment is that they turn out a lot of systems.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
Face to face with a predator is not necessary to the digestive system, or the release or the immune system, because if the body is spending metabolism in those things, it doesn't react with fast. They could get the lunch of lions and so that matters.
Unfortunately, one of the things that goes through the window during those moments of stress is the rational logic thought, like Danny Kansas and his colleagues have shown.
So we have to train ourselves to think about the future to these kinds of situations.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we are all development.
We're all going to fail every time.
The idea is to think about the future how they could be those failure, to put the systems in the place that will help you minimize damage, or to prevent the bad things happen in the first place.
Recognizing the night of snow in Montreal when I came back from my journey, my contractor installed me a combination of combination alongside the door, with a keys of the entry door in the same way -- an easy way to remember it.
And I have to admit I still have lots of letters that I haven't ordered and lots of messages of mail that I haven't read.
So I'm not very organized -- but I see organization as a gradual process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Interpreter: Prime, "Paul is my favorite music.
It means playing supermarket.
If you're playing a musical instrument and you see a pain in the frame, you need to play more simple.
Two percent, even more supercomputer.
Four percentage, extremely smooth.
This is my drawing of a pop tree there, you see that no matter how many thousands and thousands of past can have never come to a complete silence.
That's my current definition of silence, a very dark sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American system, the Asannia, besides a little bit of my own history.
The French signs language came up in the 1980s, and over the time of time, it mixes with local signs, and the language we now know as Antarctica.
So it has a story of about 200 years.
And I was born deaf, and they taught me to believe that sound was not a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
However, I realize it's not true for anything.
sounds are a very important part of my life, really in my mind every day.
As a deaf person who lives in a sound world, it's like I was living in a foreign country, following their rules, common, behaviors and norms without questioning them.
So how do I understand the sound.
Well, I see how people behave and respond to sound.
People are like my advances and amplify the sound.
I learn and copy that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sounds and I've seen how people respond to it.
So I've learned, for example.
"Don't anti-deserve the party."
"Don't do a lot of noise by eating the father of fate chips.
"Don't educate me, and when you're eating it, you don't open the covers in the plate.
This is all called the sound state."
Maybe I think of sound label more than the average person does.
I am a vision of sound.
And I'm always waiting for the sound, which is for coming next.
From there, this drawing.
Now, of course, to decide to decide that.
The TV will continue.
There was toy, to announce me.
You can see that the diagram has no notes in the lines.
That's because lines already contain sound through subtle hats and man.
In the deaf, movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the signal for "arm" in the Asia.
A typical genome has five lines.
However, to me, do it with my thumb that doesn't feel natural.
That's why in my drawings I only have four lines in paper.
In 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Germany, for a artistic resistance there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painting.
During this summer, I visited museums and spaces of different galleries and as I went from one place to another, I realized there was no visual art there.
At that time, the sound was the trend, and that called me the attention.
There was no visual art, everything was audience.
Now the sound has entered my territory of art.
Is it going to spend more of the art?
I realized it doesn't have to be like this.
I know the sound.
I know it so well that it doesn't just experience through your ears.
I can feel a tactile way, or experience it visually, or even as an idea.
So I decided to reclaim the ownership ownership and integrate it into my artistic practice.
And everything that had taught me in sound, I decided to leave it and learn it.
I started to create a new work body.
And when I presented it to the artistic community, I was impressed with the amount of support and attention I got.
I realized that sound is like money, power, control.
In the bottom of my mind, I always felt that the sound was a bad, it was something of a person who was yesterday.
And the sound is so powerful that well I could tell me and my artistic work, or I could empower it.
I chose that I would promote myself.
There is a massive culture around the spoken language.
And only because I don't use my literal voice to communicate, the eyes of society is like I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me from equal and becoming my voice.
So I am able to be relevant in current society.
So in school, working and institutions, I work with many different performers from America.
And his voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me be heard.
And their voices have value and weight.
Ironically, by asking your voices, I am able to keep a temporary way of value -- something like taking a loan with a very high interest rate.
If I didn't continue to continue this practice, I feel that I could get away in the forget and not have any social value.
So, with sound like my new artistic environment, I went into the music world.
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and America.
For example, a musical note can't capture and express the paper.
And the same can be said from a concept in America.
The two are very spatial and highly modeled what it means that subtle changes can affect all the meaning as much as the sounds as sound.
I'd like to share a metaphor of the piano, so they understand better how the Asadong works.
So, imagine a piano.
The Alaska is divided in many different diagnosed parameters.
If you assign a different wall for every finger while you touch the piano, like the facial expression, the body expression, the speed, the shape of the hand and so on, while you touch the piano, English is a linear language, as if you put it just a test at once.
However, the Coalition is more like a chord -- you need 10 fingers in a simultaneous way to express a clear concept or idea in Amazon.
If only a technology would change the chord -- it would create a completely different meaning.
The same thing happens with music in terms of it, and it will be named and volume.
In Asia, by using these different demographic parameters can be expressed different ideas.
For example, the signal is from that."
This is the light sign on that."
I'm looking at you.
Looking at it.
Oh, my holes.
I ...
What are you looking at?
Ah, right.
So I started thinking, and if I see Alaska through the lens of music?
If I had to create a sign and repeated it over and over again, it could become like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the sign of the side, the sun comes out and it gets on.
This is all day."
If you repeated it and reduce speed, you just see as a music piece.
All day.
I feel that the same thing can tell me all night.
"All night.
This is all night, in this drawing.
And this led me to think about about three different kinds of nights, "I later "done: "For the "night: I'm all night."
I feel like the third one has more musical than the other two.
This represents how time is expressed in Home and how the distance of the body can express changes in time.
For example, one error -- it's a hand, two humans, it's two hands, the present gets closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body and the past is in the back.
So the first example is a lot of time."
Then "I was starting "decade: "I was under and the last one, which is my favorite, with a very romantic and dramatic idea at the same time.
Moming moment is a musical term with a specific rate of four times per company.
However, when I see the word "Momilian time I think automatically at the same time."
Watch Mother, right hand. MN: left hand.
We have the chart through the head and the chest.
(Music: Moundare, the "Lorg Millex Milky -- "Mother, Marine Mall.
Can you do it with me?
All the hands in high hands.
Now we're going to do it as much in the head like the chest, something like "Mandela or at the same time."
Yeah, very good.
That means "being called "Camerant in the international system.
The international system, as a note, is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and languages around the world.
The second one I'd like to show you is this one. Please do it with me again.
And now this.
It means consumer in the Asia.
Now, the third one. Please go back again.
And again.
It's called "common in the Ashamic.
We're going to do the three together.
"I will love "coming and "number and "coming to "common."
Good work everybody.
Look at how the three signs are very similar. They all happen in the head and the chest, but they transmit very different meaning.
It's amazing to see how the Alaska is alive and preparent, just like music.
However, we live in a very clip world.
And only because Colonial has no sound, automatically doesn't have social value.
We need to start questioning what defines social value and allow the Alaska to develop its own value, no sounds.
And this could be a step to make a society more inclusive.
And maybe people understand that they don't have to be deaf, to learn Americans. Don't have to hear for music.
The Alaska is a rich teacher and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open your ears, open the eyes, to participate in our culture and experience from our visual language.
And you never know, you can fall in love with us.
Thank you.
Detail Barbier: Hey, that's me.
As a child, my parents told me, "You can put it all, but then you have to wipe it."
Freedom involves responsibility.
But my imagination led me to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in a crime bubble or a burning bubble I have to say, because adults lie us to protect us from the horrible truth.
By getting older, I learned that adults are also survival and they're not very good at cleaning the ones of others.
The country, now I'm an adult and teaching and invention at the Harry School of Hong Kong.
You don't have to wait much for my students to walk through the beach with lots of garbage standards.
So as good citizens, we cleaned the beaches, and no, it's not drinking alcohol, and if it is, I didn't tell it.
It's sad to say, but today over 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic.
It's an anti-search.
And in the last few decades, we've been coming out with these big buses and networks, collecting those plastic bits to study them under the microscope, and we classify them, and we collected this information into a map.
But it lasts an eternity and it's very expensive, and it's also very risky to use those huge boat.
So along with my students, with six to 15 years, we dream with inventing a better way.
We've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop.
We started building this work of work with high anti-degree work so that the very low children can also participate them.
And I'll tell you, kids who manipulate electrical tools feel great, safe tools.
Not exactly.
Let's go back to plastic.
We collect the plastic and reduce it to the size that we find it in the ocean, which is very small, because of its protocol.
That's what we do.
I leave it to the imagination of my students.
My job is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to combine them into something we hope it works.
We decided that instead of collecting bits of plastic, we just collect information.
Through the use of a robot, we took a picture of this plastic -- kids are really excited about robots.
We then created what we call "a prototypes."
We're so fast in the creation of prototypes that we ended before lunch.
And we transform light bulbs and the web cameras in accessories. We put it into a floating robot that will move slowly through the water and the plastic that we have there, and this is the picture captured by the robot.
We see the plastic pieces floating slowly through sensor while the computer is processing this image and measure the size of each particle to get a approximate estimate of the amount of plastic in the water.
We document this invention step on a website for inventors called "The "sharks with the hope that someone is best even more.
And the great thing about this project is that students saw a local problem, and put them, they're trying to fix it immediately.
I can investigate my local problem. But my students in Hong Kong are very well informed children.
You see the news, you go out the Internet, and they stumbled with this image.
A child, maybe less than 10 years, cleaning a oil spill -- just using the hands, in Sanda, the largest mangrove forest in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water that you drink, it's the water where they fall down, the water where they fish, the place where they live.
You can also see that the water is brown down, the mud and the oil are also of color color, and when everything gets mixed up, it's very hard to see what's in the water.
But there is a simple technology called protection, which allows you to see what's in the water.
We built a first prototype of a spectrum that can change through all kinds of substances that produce different species, which can help identify what's in the water.
We built this prototype with a sensor and we send it to Bangladesh.
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or looking at a local problem, my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help other children.
"I could investigate a problem at a distance, I was forced to do a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little further, maybe to address a harder problem, and also closer to me.
I'm half Japanese and half French and maybe remember, that in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that they had several giant waves -- called using tsunami, and those statistics destroyed several cities in the east coast of Japan.
Over 14,000 people died in a second.
It also gives the nuclear power plant from Fukushima, a nuclear central close to the water.
And today, according to the reports a 300 tons are still leaking out of the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, all the Pacific Ocean has accuration pieces for computers."
If we go to the West coast, we can measure the radiation of Fukushima everywhere.
But if you look at the map, it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast, and most of the time, it has safe respect, it's blue.
Well, reality is a little bit more complicated than that.
I've come back to System every year from the accidents and researching independently with other scientists, the land, the river, and this time we wanted to bring the kids.
Of course we didn't take them, parents didn't allow them.
But every night we reported the control center, here you see the use of different beetles.
It might seem like they didn't take the work seriously but they did it because they are going to have to live with their transition all their lives.
Together with them we discussed the data that we collected that day and we talked about what we're going to do next, the strategy, the subject, etc.
And to do this, we created a three-dimensional prosthetic map of the region around the nuclear energy plant.
We created the college map, we introduced presidents to represent real-time data from reduction, and we have water to simulate rain.
We were able to notice that the radioactive dust was filtered from the top of the mountain to the debate and starting in the ocean.
It was a rough estimate.
But based on this we organize a civil expedition, the closest to nuclear power to date.
We were approaching up to 1.5 kilometers of nuclear control, and with the help of the area of the area we were collecting the ship of the sea floor with a bill tracking as we invent and build it.
Here we see a progression -- we've gone from a local problem to a remote problem, a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work on these different scales, also with open source technologies and very simple code.
But at the same time, it's been increasingly frustrating because we've only been starting to measure the damage we've done.
We haven't even started trying to solve problems.
I wonder if we should give the leap and try to invent better ways to do all of these things.
So the classroom became a little bit small, so we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong and we turned it into the largest space dedicated to social and environmental impact.
It's at the center of Hong Kong and it's a place where we can work with wood, metal metal, chemistry, a little bit of biology, of optics.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where the dreams of children can become true with adult aid, and where adults can be children again.
Students: "Along: "Accarcer: "Accarcer."
So we ask "Harvest: ask questions like, can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy?
For example.
Or can we help in the mobility of the world's disease transforming their standard wheelchair chairs in new electrical access?"
The plastic, oil and radiation are terrible, but the worst legacy we can leave our children are the lies.
We can't afford to protect kids from the awful truth because we need their imagination to invent solutions.
So scientific citizens -- designers, strengths, we have to prepare the next generation to worry about the environment and the people, and so that they can actually do something about it.
Thank you.
Two grandchildren are two literally opposite design.
One is made from thousands of pieces of steel, the other one of a single silk sign.
One of them is synthetic -- the other organic.
You impose about the environment, the other one creates it.
One is designed by nature, the other one for it.
Michelangelo Hall said that when he looked at the monkey in the crime, he saw a figure that he fights to be free.
The grade was unique Lego tools.
But living beings are not stuck.
They grow.
And in the smallest units of life, cells, we took all the information to take it out of every cell to work and replicate it.
The tools also have consequences.
At least since the Industrial Revolution, the design world has been dominated by factors of manufacturing and production in mass.
The assembly lines have dictated a world made out of parts, including the imagination of designers and architects trained to think about their objects as a discovering of discrete parts with different functions.
But you don't find any engineering material collaboration in nature.
Think about human skin, for example.
Our facial skins are thin with detailed pains.
The skin skins are more thick with little couples.
You act primarily as a filter, the other mainly as a border, and yet it's the same skin, there are no parts, no surgeries.
It's a system that vary gradually its functionality through variation variation.
Here's a split screen that represents my view of the divided world, the double personality of every designer and architect to work currently between the genocide and the gene, between machine and organism, between the assembly and the growth, between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two visions of the world, my left hemisphere and the right, analysis and synthesis, shows in the two screens after me.
My job, in its simplest level, tries to bring these two visions of the world, getting away from the assembly and accelerating growth.
You probably ask yourself, why now?
Why wasn't this possible that 10 or five years ago?
We live in a very special moment in history, a rare moment, where they spread four disciplines that offers designers access to tools that we never had access to before.
And in the intersection of these four fields, my team and I created.
Please know the minds and hands of my students.
We design objects, products, structures and tools through scales -- big, little scale, like this robotic arm with a 36 meters of diameter with a set of thing that some day not very distant to print open buildings -- and graphic graphics made of genetically modified microorganisms, that shine in the dark.
Here we have reinvent the color, an archetype of ancient Arab architecture, and it has created a screen where every aperture is only to shape the shape of light and heat through it.
In our next project, we explore the possibility of creating a layer and a failure. This was for a paradigm designer of Paris with Iran Van Van Van Van Van Van Van Van Van Van Van Van Van Van Van Van Van Van Van Van Van Van Van Van Van Van Van Van Van Van Van Van Van Van Van Van Van Van Van Van Van Van Van Van Van
Together with 3D printing 3D printing, we print this layer and it takes 3D disaster with the cells. I'll show you more objects like that.
This helmet combine rigid and soft materials in the resolution of 20 pounds.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution of a scanner cancer.
That designers have access to this analytical of high resolution and synthetic instruments, it allows to design products that are adapted not just the shape of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues.
We've also designed a acoustic chair, a chair at the structural time, comfortable and also that it absorbs sound.
Professor Carter -- my collaborator -- we went back to nature to inspire us, and by designing this property surface pattern becomes surface.
We print this surface of 44 different properties, which vary in demanding, individual and color, correspond to pressure points in the human body.
Her surface, like in nature, varies its functionality not through the addition of another material or another specialized, but by tracking continuously and demanding material property.
But is the ideal nature?
Isn't there parts in nature?
I didn't believe in a religious Jewish home, but when I was a young man, my grandmother told me stories of the Hebrew Bible, and one of them was left and I got to define a lot of what I care about.
Like she relates: "In the third day of the creation, God sent to the Earth to grow a brutal factory of fruit, a brutal college tree.
For that first brutal tree, there would be no difference between trunk, branches and leaves and fails.
The whole tree was a failure.
Instead, the land made it grow trees with branches and cortex, trees and flowers.
The Earth created a world made out of parts.
I often ask myself, "What would design if the objects were made of one piece person?
Will we go back to a better state of creation?
So we look for the biblical material, the kind of material of fruit tree with fruit and find it.
The second most abundant supply on the planet is called the strength, and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms like shrimp, and crabs, scales and butterflies and butterflies, and the colleges.
We thought that if we could tune your property, we could generate entire structures in one piece.
So that's what we did.
We call it a legal bag.  We asked a lot of shortcuts of shrimp, we flew them and we produced the stress rate.
Bringing the chemical consequences, we could achieve a broad range of properties, from dark, hard and panel, to light, soft and transparent.
To print the large-scale structures -- a system with multiple stations of extracting stationary controlling dramatically.
The robot could vary the properties of the material on the march and create these structures made from one material -- 3.5 feet long, 100 percent recyclable.
When the pieces are ready, they let them dry to find a natural way to the contact with the air.
So why do we keep designing with plastic protection?
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process was used to contain anti-possible organisms that appeared for the first time on the planet 3.5 billion years ago, as we heard yesterday.
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT, we built the bacteria designed genetically to capture the atmosphere of the atmosphere and turn it into sugar.
For the first time, we've been able to generate structures that make their transition with no problems of sample to screen, and if you get it even more, window more.
A brutal cold tree.
Working with an old material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with abundant water and with a little bit of synthetic biology, we have transformed a structure made of shrimp cameras in an architecture that behaves like a tree.
And here's the best part: for objects designed to be saving, put in the sea, feed the marine life -- and placed on the ground, will help grow a tree.
The fit for our next exploration using the same design principles was the solar system.
We look for the possibility of creating clothes to keep the life for the interviewing trip.
To do that, we need to dominate bacteria and control their flow.
So as the periodic table, we made our own experiments of elements -- new forms of life created computing manufacturing and increased biological ways.
I like to think of synthetic biology like liquid liquid -- just that instead of extremelying metal metals are synthesized new biological functionality in very small channels.
This field is called memory called.
We print our own 3D channel to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops.
In our first piece of clothes, two mammals.
The first is the complexity.
It lives in our oceans and the freshwater stress.
And the second one, and he collected, the bacteria that inhabit the human intestine.
It turns out the light to sugar, the other consumes sugar and produces useful biofuels for the built environment.
But these two microorganisms, they don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never met.
They're here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of clothes.
Think of it as evolution, not natural selection, but evolution for design.
To keep these relationships, we've created a single channel that resembles the digestive tract that will help them flow these bacteria and alter their function of path.
So we started to grow those channels in the human body, providing the properties of material according to the desired functionality.
If we wanted more anti-based, we had more transparent channels.
This remarkable digestive system, when you stretch from one end to another, it will be 60 meters.
This is half the length of a football field, and 10 times more than our legal intestine.
And here it is, as an average at TED, our first artistic paradox, bright liquid channels with life within the clothing.
Thank you.
Mary Shakespeare said, "We are creature creatures, only half is done."
What if design would provide the other half.
What if we could create structures that increase living matter?
What if we could create personal microbes that would scan our skin, repair the damaged tissue and keep our bodies on.
Think of this as a way to edit biology.
I call this material ecology.
For that, you always have to go back to nature.
So now, you know that a 3D printer printed material in layers.
You also know that nature doesn't do this.
It grows up. It's actually African activity.
This car car, for example, creates a highly sophisticated architecture, a home.
The manufacturing is not about this level of sustainability.
It does it by combination not of two materials, but two proteins in different concentrations in different configurations.
One act as a structure, the other is the glue or the matrix, bringing those fibers into each other.
And this happens through scales.
The silk worm first is understood in the environment, creates a tension structure, and then starts to speed a company of compression.
The tension and the commitment, the two forces of life, are manifest in a single material.
With the end of understanding better how this complex process works, we paste a small magnet to the head of a silk worm to the top.
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the super worm worm ring.
However, when you put the silk worm on a flat patch -- not inside a box, we realized that it triggers a flat cocoon and still self-respective sound.
So we started designing different environments -- different shops, and we've discovered that the form, the composition, the structure of the cocoon is transmitted directly by the environment.
They often make the silk worms up to death within their caps, their silk gets rid and used in the textile industry.
We saw that designing these templates we could shape the crude silk without boiling a single capital.
They were supporting sound, and we could create these things.
So we scale this process up to architectural scale.
We had a holiday robot doing silk stations, and we put ourselves on our site.
We knew that silk worms migrate into more dark and cold areas -- so we used a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we created holes or arms, to block the rays of light and heat, distributed silk worms on the structure.
We were prepared to get the gas.
We asked 6,000 worms of silk to a online silk farm.
And after feeding them four weeks, they were prepared to marry us.
We put them carefully on the bottom edge of the battle, and as they were they speak, they were actually coming out, they put eggs, and life starts again, like us, but much, much more short.
Christmas Fuller said that tension is the great integrity and it was right.
In the course of biological silk on the frozen silk state, they give all this pavilion to its integrity.
And in a little bit more than two or three weeks, 6,000 worms of silk put 5,000 miles away.
In a symmetry simultaneous, this is also the length of the silk route.
The planets, after the station, produce 1.5 million eggs.
This could be used for 250 extra dollars in the future.
So here are the two visions of the world.
A honest silk through a robotic arm, the other full brain.
If the last frontier of design is to give the products and the buildings that surround us, to form a two material, designers should bring these two visions of the world.
Which brings us back, of course, at the beginning.
So here is a new era of design, a new era of creation, which takes us from a design inspired in nature to a nature inspired in design, which demands us, for the first time, that we make ourselves burden of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
Raise your hand if you've ever asked them, "What do you want to be a long?"
If you had to remember how old they were when they first asked them this?
You can show it with fingers.
Three. Five. Three. Five. Five.
Now, raise your hand if the question "What do you want to be more?
It's caused some kind of anxiety.
Any anxiety.
I'm somebody who could never answer the question, "What do you want to be more?
The problem was not that I didn't have any interest, but I had too much.
In school I liked English, the mountains and the art and I developed websites, and I was playing the guitar in a band called The Training Transplant.
Maybe you've heard of us.
And in general, I like to test and persist anyway, for having spent a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But over time this feeling of interacting, this feeling of, this is no longer a challenge, it's going to be involved.
And I have to leave it.
But then I'm interested in something else, something completely different, and I get bored in it, and I'm going to absorb and I feel "Yes." I've found my month, and then again this point where I start to get away.
And finally, I want to leave it.
But then I would like to discover something new and different, and I'd like to get into that.
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety, for two reasons.
The first one was because I wasn't sure how I was going to turn all this into a career.
I thought I had to choose one thing, to deny all of my other passions and inviting me to get away.
Another reason that I was so anxiety was a little bit more personal.
I was worried that there would be something wrong about this, and something wrong with me not for anything.
I was concerned to be afraid of the commitment, or being a cooperation, or to complain or my own success.
If you can relate to my story and these feelings, I would like to ask you something that I'd like to have planted you then.
Ask themselves, where they learned to allocate the meaning of bad or abnormal to do things.
I'll tell you where they learned it, learned it from culture.
We are asked first of what do you want to be more?
It's about five years old.
And the truth is that nobody cares what you answer that age.
It's considered a naive question to provoke cute answers in kids like, being an anti-search or being "Baby," or "I want to be paralyzed."
You get the disaster of Hawaii here.
So this question is done over and over again while we grow in various forms, and then I went -- to high school students are asked to be picked up in college.
And at some point, "What do you want to be a long?"
It happens to be the cute exercise from before to what sleep takes off.
Why?
If this question inspired children to dream with what they might be, I wouldn't inspire to dream anything they could be.
In fact, it does just the opposite thing, because when someone asks you what you want to be, you can't respond to 20 different things, even though well-intentioned adults maybe are laughing and say, "Oh, what cute, but you can't be an artificial and a psychologist, but you can't be an artist.
You have to select."
This is Dr. Bob Chuck -- and he is an artist of violence and self-assembly.
And this Amy Gala, a magazine editor turned into a resource and entrepreneurship and teacher and creative director.
But most kids don't hear about people like this.
All you hear is that they're going to have to choose them.
But it's more than that.
The notion of life focused is very idealized in our culture.
It's this idea of the fate or the real collection, the idea that each of us has something to spend on their time on this land, and you have to figure out what that thing and dedicate your life to it.
But what if you're somebody who's not connected in this way?
What if there are many different subjects that wake up their curiosity and a lot of different things that you want to do?
There's no place for someone like one in that frame.
And so you can feel alone.
You can feel that it doesn't have a goal.
And I feel there's something wrong with one.
There's nothing wrong with you.
You're a smile.
An ambition is someone with lots of interest and creative activities.
It's a dreamed of it.
It could help if you divide in three parts: multiple and potential and the day.
You can also use other terms that make the same idea as a story, responsible as a state.
During the time of the Renaissance, the ideal was who was right in multiple disciplines.
Barbara Star refers to us as "Hello."
Use any term that you like or invent one another.
It seems to me as a species of adapt to a community, we can't agree with a single identity.
It's easy to see the distribution of a distribution or a application that you should come to see.
But what I've learned talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website, is that there are huge strengths in this way.
Here are three massive pressures here.
One, the synthesis of ideas.
I mean, the combination of two or more fields and creating something new in the intersection.
The Hans and Rachel Bina expressed their shared interests in computer, data visualization and travel, and mathematics and design, at the end of the Minister.
Muslim is a company that creates inspired jewelry.
And the state of States and Rachel came up with this idea of its only mixture of skills and experiences.
Innovation happens in intersections.
There are the new ideas.
And the managers, with all of their sides, can access a lot of these points of intersection points.
The second multiple superpower is fast learning.
When the epidemiologists are interested in something, we go to it.
We look at everything we can have in our hands.
We are bound to be principle, for having been a lot of times in the past, and this means that we have less afraid of testing new things and coming out of our comfort areas.
A lot of skills are transferred to other disciplines, and we bring all of what we've learned to each new area we ask, so we rarely started from zero.
Not Brando Bonnie is a full-time journey, independent journey.
As a printed girl, an amazing capacity to develop muscle memory.
Now, she's the fastest secret mechanism.
Before I became a writer, he was a financial planning.
He had to learn the most fine selling mechanics when he started his practice, and this ability helps him write compelling launches for the editors for the editors for the editors of it.
It rarely is a waste of time to go to what you get attracted to, even if you finally abandon it.
It is possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field, in a way that you couldn't have anticipated.
The third multiple superpower is adaptation. That is, the ability to turn into anything you need in a given situation.
Australia August is sometimes director of videos, other designers -- designers of websites, sometimes consumer from Kickstarter, sometimes teachers, and sometimes like James Bang.
It's valuable because it does a good job.
He's even more valuable because it can take diverse roles depending on the needs of your clients.
The magazine Francisco Foundation defined adaptability as the most important skill for development, to thrive in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so rapidly and intelligent that they are the individuals and organizations that can be inspired to satisfy the needs of the market, those who will actually wait.
The synthesis of ideas, fast learning and adaptive, three skills where the managers are very weak, and three skills that could be lost if they're required to reduce their goals.
As a society, we have a great interest to encourage the managers to be themselves.
We have complex problems, starting right now, and we need no conventional creative thinkers to deal with them.
Let's say they are, in your heart, specialists.
They came out of the belly knowing that they wanted to be pediatric receptacters.
Don't worry, there's nothing wrong with you either.
In fact, some of the best teams are engaged from a specialists and a computer component.
The specialist can dive deep and put into practice ideas, and the material provides a support of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we should all design lives and careers that communicate with how we are connected.
And unfortunately, the maps in large parts are encouraged to be more like their specialized partners.
And once he said this, if there's one thing you take from this talk, I hope it is this: recognize with the internal correct, whatever it is.
If you are a heart specialist, then it's special for all media.
That's where you will give the best of you.
But for the massive in the room, including those who just realized being one of them in the last 12 minutes, I say, responsible with their many passions.
Keep your curiosity for those common contracts.
They explore the intersections.
By embracing our inner correct leads to a more authentic and a happy life.
And perhaps most importantly, managers, the world needs us."
Thank you.
In 1991, a woman named August took it to a psychiatric in France.
He would stop destroying and couldn't remember even the most basic details in his life.
His doctor was called Alabama.
Galois didn't know how to help Augus, but I was flying for her until that, unfortunately, failed in 1996.
After his death, Galois did a cast and found strange and weird plates in the brain of Arggas, a guy who'd never seen before.
Even more surprising.
If I would have been alive today, we couldn't give it to her more help than Alabama gave them 14 years ago.
Allie was Dr. Alan Alzheimer's.
And Angeles Depression, the first patient to get a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer's disease.
Since 1991 medicine has advanced a lot.
They have discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect us from the infections -- many treatments for cancer, investors for HIV, for the countersore and a lot more.
But it's gradually been involved in the treatment of Alzheimer's.
I'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer's for more than a decade.
So I think about this all the time.
Alzheimer's now affects 40 million all over the world.
But in 2050, it will affect 150 million which, by the way, will include many of you.
If you expect to live up to 85 years or more, the possibility of Alzheimer's will be almost one of every two.
In other words, there is the likelihood that they spend their heart years with Alzheimer's or helping to take care of a friend or to be loved with Alzheimer's.
In America, Alzheimer's care costs 200 billion dollars every year.
One of five dollars of medical care spends in Alzheimer's disease.
Today it's the most expensive disease today, and its costs were increasing a rise of five times in 2050, as it gets older, the generation of the boom.
It may surprise you, but Alzheimer's is one of the greatest medical and social challenges of our generation.
But it's been done relatively little to fight it.
Today, one of the top 10 causes of death around the world, Alzheimer's is the only one you can't prevent for, cure or even relation to development.
We understand less about Alzheimer's than of other diseases because we've invested less time and money in the research of the same.
The U.S. government spends 10 times every year in cancer research than in Alzheimer's despite the fact that it costs us more Alzheimer's and causes a similar number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause, the lack of consciousness.
Because this is what a few people know, but everybody should be, Alzheimer's, is a disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last 45 years, everybody, even scientists, eat Alzheimer's with aging.
We think it's going to be healthy in a normal and inevitable part of aging.
But you only have to look at a picture of a healthy aging brain compared to a Alzheimer's patient to see the actual physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to giving a severe loss of memory and mental skills, the damage of the brain caused by Alzheimer's significantly reduced life expectancy and is always deadly.
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer's found plates and weird bones in the brain of August a century ago.
For almost a century, we didn't know much about this.
Today we know that they're made of protein molecules.
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that folds like a origami.
There are places in paper that are pictures.
And when it folds right, these sticky dots end up inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky dots stay on the outside.
This makes the protein molecules apart, forming groups that can form large plates and beauty.
That's what we see in the brain of patients with Alzheimer's brain.
We've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this dysfunction works.
There are a lot of steps, and the identify of what happens to block is complex, like having a bomb.
I could cut a wire to do nothing.
Carry others can make the bomb explode.
You have to find the right step that blocks it, and then create a drug that does it.
Until recently, most of them have reduced the cables and waiting for the best.
But now there is a diverse group of people, doctors, biologists, religious, chemistry, physicists, engineers and mathematics.
And together, we've managed to identify a critical step in the process. Now it's testing a new kind of drugs that block specifically this step to stop disease.
Let me show you some of our latest results.
No one outside our lab has seen it yet.
So let's see a few videos of what happened when we tested these drugs in worms in worms in worms in worms in worms in worms in worms of it.
These are healthy worms and you can see that they move normally.
These worms on the other hand, they have protein molecules that are attached to each other within them, like in humans with Alzheimer's disease.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But by giving our new drugs to these worms in a early stage, then we see that they sound and live a normal life.
This is just a positive initial outcome, but research like this shows that Alzheimer's is a disease that we can understand and cure.
After 44 years of hope, there's real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years.
But to make that hope, to defeat Alzheimer's disease, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We need to realize that Alzheimer's is a disease and that if we try it, we can turn it.
In the case of other diseases, patients and their families have gotten more research and exercise about governments, pharmaceutical industry, about scientists and designers.
That was essential to move on the treatment of HIV in the late 1980s.
Today we see that same unit to overcome cancer.
But Alzheimer's patients often can't talk about themselves.
And their families, the hidden victims, the caregivers of their loved ones and night, are often too desperate to go out and advocate for change.
So, it really depends on you.
Alzheimer's not is, in most cases a genetic disease.
Everybody with a brain runs the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like Angeles, who can't create the change they need for themselves.
They help talk about them, and they help to demand a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article at the New York Times column in the New York Times, in January of this year.
To love somebody, do this.
The article is a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the lab, and of my own experience when I test it myself one night last summer.
So the procedure is quite simple: two strangers come up to make 36 increasingly personal questions and then both look at the eyes without talking about four minutes.
Here's a couple of questions of example.
Number 12, if you could wake up tomorrow with a quality or skill, what would it be?
Number 28 minutes." When was the last time you cry for another person?
What about it?
As it moves forward, these are more and more personal.
Number 30, -- this is really like this: Tell your partner what you get from him or her, I know very honest this time, and I gave you things that you wouldn't say to someone you have ever known.
When I stumbled with this study a few years ago, a detail really struck me the attention, the joke that two of the participants had spent six months later, and invited all of the laboratory to the ceremony.
So, it was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but of course, I was also intrigued as well.
And when I had the time to test this study, with someone who knew not particularly well, I didn't expect to fall up.
Nevertheless, we fell down, and I thought it was a good story, so I sent it to the column love modern a few months later.
That was published in January, and now it's a August, so I guess some of you probably ask yourself, keep together still still?"
And the reason I think this is because I have done this question over and over again in the last seven months.
And this question is exactly what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the subject.
A week before the article was published was very nervous.
I had been working on a romantic book in the last few years, so I had been willing to write about my experience in romantic love in my blog.
But a blog blog can come to a few hundred views as a lot, and those were usually just from my Facebook friends and imagine that my article in the New York Times would have probably a few thousand views.
And that made a good load of attention in a relatively new relationship.
But as he said, I had no idea.
The paper was published by a Friday at night, and already the Saturday, this happened in the traffic of my blog.
And the Sunday was already called the Two Story and the Google Standard Marcus.
In one month, the article received over eight million views, and I was -- to say something, little prepared for this kind of attention.
One thing is to foster trust writing with feelings of own loving experience, but another thing is to discover that the love life of one has been international news --  and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people were calling or write, what they did every day for weeks, they always asked the same question: still following together?
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I made a quick search on my email of my email with the phrase, "Not still there?"
And several messages appeared immediately.
They were students and journalists and journalists and weird strangers like this.
I was interviewed in radio and asked me.
I mean, I gave a talk, and a woman wanted to the stage, "Hey Mandela where is your nationalist?
And immediately I got red.
I understand this is part of the treatment.
If you write about your relationship in a international newspaper, you should expect people to feel comfortable wondering about it.
But I wasn't prepared for the surgery of the answer.
The 36 questions seemed to have covered life itself.
In fact, the New York Times published a complementary article for San Ballas, who included the experiences of readers by testing the study in them with different degrees of success.
So, my first impulse to all this attention was to be very reserved with my own relationship.
I said not to every request that we would both make an argument together.
I collected television interviews, and they pasted the pictures of pictures of us two.
I think I was afraid that I was afraid of becoming the innocent icon of the standard process, a range for which I didn't feel at all correctly corrected.
And I understand that people didn't want to know just if the study worked, they wanted to know if it really worked. I mean, if it was able to produce love, not just an adventure, but love real, love.
But this was a question I didn't feel able to answer.
My relationship was just a few months ago, and I felt about everything that people would ask the wrong question.
How do you know whether or not, and also to tell it?
If the answer was not, would you make the experience of doing these 36 less interesting questions.
Dr. Arthur Art wrote first about these questions in the same study in 1997, and there, the goal of researcher was not producing romantic love.
Instead of that, I sought to foster interpersonal addressing among college students, using what Adam called sustainable personal openness and progressive and receiver.
Sounds romantic sounds like, right?
But the study did work.
The participants felt more close after doing it. Several later studies also used the Adam Process of Arabic as a rapid way of creating trust and interaction between strangers.
They've used it between members of police and community, and they've used it between people of opposite political technologies.
The original version of the story, which I tried last summer, which combined personal questions with four minutes of visual contact, was quoted in this article but unfortunately never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk in a small liberal arts college, and then a student came up to me and said to me with it: I tried the study and didn't work.
He seemed stuck for it.
I said, "You want to say you fall in love with the person who did it?
Well, he made a pass.
I think she just wants us to be friends.
I said, "But did they become better friends?
Did you feel that they were able to know better after testing the study?
The approach.
So I worked, I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer that he was looking for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love.
I stumbled with the study for the first time when I was 29 and I was doing a really hard sense.
I had had that relationship since I had 20, which was basically all my adult life, and he was my first real love, and he had no idea how or she could live without it.
So I flew in science.
I looked at everything I could find about the science of romantic love, and I expected that that could somehow make me a common communication.
I don't know if I realized this at the time I thought I just research for the book that I wrote but in retrospect, it seems really obvious.
I thought if I was reunited with the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel as bad and used as I felt like that.
And all of this knowledge has been useful in a way or another.
I'm more patient with love. I'm more relaxed.
I have more confidence to demand what I'm looking for.
But I can also see more clearly, and I can realize that what I'm looking for is sometimes more than you can get to me.
What you're looking for in love is a guarantee -- not just to be loved today and being loved tomorrow, but to keep being loved by the person that I love.
It may be that this is the guarantee that people asked when they wanted to know if we were still together.
The story that media said about 36 questions is that there can be a shortcut to love.
There can be a way to somehow mitigate some of the implicit risk, and this is a very attractive story, because we're going to fall in love makes us feel beautifully, but it's also frightening.
But I think when it comes to love, we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story I ask, still continue together?
And his content with an answer of Yes or not.
So more than a question, I would propose you to ask more difficult questions, questions like, how do you decide who deserves your love and who doesn't?
How do you stay in love when things are complicated and how do you know when to cut and display?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably leads a relationship, or even more, how do you live with the doubt of your paradigm?
I don't know necessarily the answers to these questions, but I think they're a good start to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love someone.
So, if you want the brief version of the history of my relationship, this is this: a year ago, a country, a concern and I applied a study designed to create romantic love, we love ourselves, we still continue together. And I'm very happy.
But in love is not the same thing to remain in love.
So love is the easy part.
So at the end of my article I wrote, the love didn't happen.
We stay in love because we took the choice to be.
And I shudder a little bit when I read it now, not because it isn't true, but because at the time, I had not considered everything that was supposed to do that choice.
I don't consider how many times we would have both to make that decision, and how many times I will have to keep doing that choice without knowing before if he will always choose me or not.
I want you to be enough and answer 36 questions, have chosen to love someone so generous and kind, and fun and expressing that choice in the largest newspaper in the United States.
But what I've done, instead, is to turn my relationship into the kind of myth that I don't really believe.
And what I'm looking for, and what maybe happens my life looking for is that that myth is true.
I want the very happy thing to be implicit in the title of my article -- which is, in fact, the only part of the article I actually didn't write.
But what I have in change is the opportunity to choose to love someone, and hope that he also loves me, and it's frightening. But that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was raised by some lesbian links and in a way I came up as a forest of the forest.
to the city of New York a time.  One thing that really affected me but more details later on.
I'll start with when I was eight years old.
I took a wooden box and bury a dollar bill of a dollar, a pen and a fork in her somewhere in Colorado.
And I thought some strange humans or some aliens would find this box about 500 years later and learn how our species would change ideas, for example how we eat spaghetti companies.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it's got because here I am, 30 years later, and I'm still making boxes.
At a given moment I was in Hawaii -- I like to go out and make surfing and all those weird things -- and I was making a colleague for my mother.
And I took a dictionary and I pulled up all the pages and I made a kind of closed cells to the Canada Country Martin -- the crime covered and a bee was caught up.
Well, my mother is afraid of bees and it's allergic to them, so I lost more resistance in the canvas, thinking I could hide it.
Instead, it was the opposite of the opposite: somehow it seemed that it took out of size, as if you look at the text with a magnifying page.
So what did I do? I built more boxes.
This time, I started adding electronic elements, frogs strange that I was finding out the street, all that I could find, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relate to them and tell stories about these objects.
So I started drawing around objects, and I realized that God can draw in space.
I can flow translated, drawing the same way around a color at the scene of crime.
And I took objects and created my own terms of specimens.
First, blood -- that you can make an idea.
Then I made some insects and weird creatures.
It was very fun to draw on the layers of the retina.
And it was great, because I started riding exhibitions and those things, and I was earning some money, to bring my girlfriend to dinner, for example, going to Senate.
It was great, man.
At some point I am interested at the human form, strategic size sculptures with drawings of human beings within layers.
It was great, except for one thing: I die.
I didn't know what to do, because the retina was going to kill me.
And I went to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing in glass layers, similar to the drawing in a window, then in another window, and another window, and I had all these windows together that formed a three-dimensional composition.
And this really worked, and so I could stop using the resident.
So I did this for years, and my work is completely large, which I call "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "Time."
For the "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "President of Monologues Boston Machine is a painting at the Museum of the Project in Spain.
Do you know?
Well, it's a fantastic picture.
They say it's a little bit ahead of time.
Well, the "The "Times: I'll explain this piece.
It weighs 11,000 pounds.
Five feet long.
It has double expensive, so it's 10 feet of composition.
It's a bit weird.
Well, that's the source of blood.
On the left, there's Jesus and the basis.
There's a cave where all these creatures with animal heads travel between two worlds.
They go from the representation world, to this analog mesh switch where they hide.
This is where creatures with animal heads are headed in the cold, ready to suicide in mass bars in the ocean.
The ocean is comprised from thousands of elements.
This is a dada bird tied to a supermarket.
Billy Graham is in the sea, and the Harriams -- the paradox of the dead platform -- Japan, the Russian bin Lander, there are all kinds of weird things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean.
Anyway, a kind of a musician."
It's coming out of the ocean, and he spit oil in a hand while the other hand comes out clouds.
Their hands are like sounds and looks like a military being that holds the Earth and the cosmos in balance.
So it's a aspect of the tremendous."
It's a little bit of a narrative.
That's the hand I spit in.
And then when you go to the other side, you have a crazy, like a bird pain, and I spit clouds from this picture.
It also has a tail of five feet long, a tail of snake that unites the theories."
Anyway, his tail is coming up with fire on a volcano.
I don't know why it happened.
Things that happen, you know.
Their tail ends up in a balloon cancer cell made of terrorist cards in 1986.
Have you seen them?
They were done in the 1980s, as if they were the baseball cards of terrorists.
Very ahead of time.  This brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects. One is called "expectations."
This is a project of six years to do 100 of these human beings.
Each one is an archive of our culture, through means and material to be excited, dictionaries or magazines, diagnoses.
But each one acts like a kind of an archive in a way of being human, and they travel in groups of 20, four or 12 at the same time.
They're like cells, they get together, they divide down.
And you can walk between them. I'm getting years.
Each one is basically a microscope microscope that weighs 1,300 pounds with a human trapped inside.
This has a little cave in the chest.
That's the head -- it's the chest, you can roll it out.
I'm going to join you for the rest of the body, there's a waterfall coming out of the chest, and he covers the penis or "Stop, or whatever you have, a kind of an anti-based thing.
It's a quick repertoire of these works because I can't explain them for a long time.
We have layers, you can see.
This is a body party in half.
This has two head, and it's communicating between the two.
There are some pills coming out and enter the head of this strange statue here.
There's a little stress scene inside the rock stream.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes, just like the boxes we live in.
We're in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a color of classic. It's called Printed Professor.
In this box there is a physicist -- a genome, a painter, a painting, a music, a college, a radio, a school, a school, a physician, a publishing arm that determines all the content we do in the world and a garden.
We hold the box and all the people inside each other with others like particles.
And I think that's the way to change the world.
When you define who is and the box is living in.
And together we come to realize that we are all together in this, that this illusion that we are different, these concepts of countries, of borders, religion, doesn't work.
We're all very made from the same matter and in the same box.
And if we don't start trading those things with sweetness and genetics are all going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when you shake your head?
They take a capital.
But so for this pill to have the effect against pain, first goes through the stomach, the intentions and other organs.
To take a pill is the most effective and most entire system so that any single drug drugs effect in the body.
The self-respective, however, is that when you swallow any drug is going on.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients with HIV.
When you take antiretroviral drugs, these are they serve to decrease the amount of viruses in the blood, and increase the CO2 cells.
But they are also known by their side effects adverse effects, mostly negative, because at the time they get to get to the blood flow, they go down, and worse still for the time they get to get to their destination, which is where it is more important, in the definition of HIV.
These are regions of the body like the lymph genomes, the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is increasingly accurate and not easily in the bloodstream.
However, after the interaction of treatment, the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the big problem of HIV treatment with the current drugs that is a life treatment for the oral life.
And one day, I sat down and I thought, "Could we get the treatment directly into the distribution of the virus, without the risk of discondition of the medicine?"
As a scientist, the answer was in front of me, the lasers of course.
If you use it in application, for the care of wounds and surgery surgery, you can use it for anything that can imagine -- including the intrinsic transportation of drugs.
In fact, we're already using laser pulses to open up or punch extremely small holes, that open and close almost immediately the cells infected with HIV to introduce drugs.
They might ask, "How is that possible?
We send a small little laser beam on the cell membrane infected by HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug.
The laser goes through the cell, while the cell absorbs the drug in terms of microphones.
Before you even notice, the hole is immediately represented.
We're currently testing this technology in vitro or in Petri plates, but the goal is to bring this technology into the human body, apply it to the human body.
"How is that possible? You can ask.
Well, the answer is, through a device of three heads.
With the first head, which is our laser -- we're going to make an incentive in the site of infection.
The second head, which is a camera, goes to the site of infection.
Finally, the third head, an interconnectedness that distributes the drug, releases directly in the site of infection, while the laser is used again to keep the open cells.
Well, this doesn't look like a lot of time.
But one day, if it's successful, this technology can lead to the total eradication of HIV in the body.
Yeah. A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of all HIV researchers, in our case, a laser treatment.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I've studied the human strong groups -- armed organizations like terrorists, insurgents or military.
document what these groups do when they're not shooting them.
My goal is to understand better to these genetic agents of violence and study ways to encourage the transition of violent participation to nonviolent connection.
I do a field job, in the world of politics and in the library.
Understanding these groups is key to solving almost everything in course, because the war has changed.
It used to be a disaster between states.
Not anymore.
Now it's a conflict between states and non-state actors.
For example, by 183 peace arrangements signed between 1975 and 2011, 1960 were signed between a state and a non-governmental actor.
So we need to understand these groups -- we even need to engage them or defeat them in any process of resolution of successful conflict.
But how do we do that?
We have to know what motivates these organizations.
We know very well the reasons they fight, how they do, but nobody analyzes what they do when they don't fight.
The armed struggle and the policies are not related.
It's all part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not much less protecting them, without a global vision.
The armed groups are complex organizations.
For example, the Leonardo Theory, known for his violent face against Israel.
From their creation in the 1980s, Hello has also established a political party -- a network of social services and a military device.
Similarly, the Hello Polary, known by its suicide attacks against Israel, also runs the Gaza France from 2007.
So these groups make more than just shoot up.
They're multitasking them.
They set up a complex community of communication, radio stations, TV channels, web websites and strategies in social networks.
And here you have the stage of Stars, printed in English and published to recruit it.
The armed groups also invest in a complex fundraising of funds without savings, but by experimental businesses, for example, construction companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strengths, increase their funds, to recruit better and build their brand.
The armed groups also do something else: create stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They build schools, they build hospitals, they put into professional training programs or microscope processing.
And it offers all these services and more.
The armed groups also try to conquer the population offering something that the state is not being important, security and protection.
The testimony of Taliban in an Afghanistan desperate by war or even the beginning of the station of ISIS can also understand the efforts of these groups for delivering security.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has an incredibly elevated price for the population.
But in general, providing social services means filling a vacuum, a gap left by government, and allow these groups to strengthen and increase their power.
For example, the electoral victory of 2006 in Palestinian Hammmarks cannot understand the social work of the group.
It's a really complex scenario, even in the West, when we analyze the armed groups, we just think of the violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, the strategy or the long-term vision.
These groups are hybrid.
They grow because they fill up gaps left by government, and they emerge as armed groups and political groups, they participate in the violent struggle and they give governance.
And the more complex and sophisticated people are these organizations, the less we can pick them as something against a state.
How to call a group like Hammart?
They dominate part of a territory, they manage all their functions, they collect the garbage system, they manage the restility system.
Is it a state? Is it a group group?
Or maybe it's another thing, something new and different.
And what is San Sanger?
The lines get advantaged.
We live in a world of states without state and hybrid nations and the more weak states, as in the Middle East, more they intervene and fill that gap the non-state actors.
This is important for governments, because to counteract these groups will have to invest more in not military tools.
It has to be in the center of any sustainable approach.
This is very important also to establish and consider peace.
If we understand the armed groups, we understand better what incentives will offer to foster the transition of violence to the violence.
In this new disaster between states and non-state actors, military power can win some battles, but not giving peace or stability.
In order to achieve these goals we need long-term investments to fill that security vacuum to fill that governance gap.
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a woman and as a feminist.
My opinions about gender equality are seen, but I fear that accepting the feminist tag would be unfair for companies.
I'm a feminist. I'm a pretty bad one.
And therefore I'm all appropriate as a bad feminist.
Or, at least, I wrote an article and a book called "The "the magnetic man, and then in interviews, people started calling me the Mary Formation.
So what started as a personal joke defined myself and a deliberate production, has become a bigger thing.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was a young man, especially in my youth and at the age of 20, I had strange ideas about companies, these furry women, angry with men and hate sex -- as if that was bad stuff.
Today, I see how women are treated around the world and anger, in particular, seems a perfectly reasonable response.
But at the time, I was worried about the tone that I was using people when they were trying to be phone.
Being labeled as a feminist was an accusation.
They were labeled as a woman who doesn't follow the rules, which I asked too much, with high self-esteem and dare to believe that it's equal or superior to a man.
Nobody wants to be the rebel woman, until it realizes that it's actually that woman, and you can't imagine being another person.
Over time, as I was growing up, I began to accept that I am, in fact, feminist.
For me, certain claims are amazing -- women are equal to men.
We deserve the same soil for the same work.
We have right to travel around the world as we want, free or violence.
We have right to use easy and accessible to intellectual and reproductive services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, no need for legislative control or extraordinary doctrines or demographics.
We have the right to the respect.
There is more.
When you talk about the needs of women, you have to have in account of our other identities.
We're not just women.
We are people with a different body, expression of gender, religion and sexuality -- social condition, skills and much more.
We need to have to tell these differences and how they affect us, the same way that matters what we have in common.
Without this kind of influence, our feminism is nothing.
For me, these truths are apparent. But to be clear, I'm a disaster.
I'm full of contradictions.
There are a lot of things that make me a bad feminist.
I have another confession of it.
When I drive the work, I hear rap music staying all volume.
Although the letter degraded women and I was deeply offended by the classic "The Salai Salai Second self-assembly -- it's incredible.
"Make it true with your momentum marriage.
Percent, day, move until you hit the head."
Think about it.
pure poetry, right?
I'm completely overwhelmed by my musical taste.
I believe in the work of man, which is all I don't want to do, including --  -- all the domestic tasks -- but also killing insects, the responsibility of the spinal and the maintenance of community.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The pink is my favorite color.
I enjoy fashion magazines, and the beautiful things.
I can see "The "Haller and the romantic comedy -- and I have an amazing fantasies of the stories that make it happen.
Some of my details are more disappear.
If a woman wants to adopt your husband, it's your choice, and I'm not who to judge with.
If a woman decides to stay home to raise your children, I accept that choice, too.
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice, the problem is that our society is confident so that it makes women economically vulnerable when they choose to.
Let's solve this problem.
It rejected conventional feminism that has ignored or dramatically destroyed the needs of color women, workers and homosexual and transgender women, and forced women to white women, middle-class schools.
Listen, if that's good feminism I'm a very bad feminist man.
It also happens. As a feminist, I feel a lot of pressure.
We have this tendency to put a feminist state on a parade.
We hope that they go to perfection.
When you get rid of it, we would take them out with a lot of taste from the same paradigm where we put them.
As I said, I'm a disaster, I think about that paradigm before they try to put me there.
Too many women, particularly the innovators and the leaders of the sector, are afraid of being labeled as a feminist.
They are afraid of standing up and say, "Yes, I'm a professional fear of what that tag means, so I'm afraid not to be able to do with the same realistic expectations.
Take for example to Beach, or as I call it, the God.
In the last few years is a declared feminist feminist company.
In the Video School Alan Alabama in March, in Minnesota, I was acting in front of the word Force of three feet tall.
It was a great show, to see this star of the daddy embrace the feminism and make women knowing the women and the young men who will be feminist is something to be proud of.
Last time -- cultural critics started to start out endless arguments if Becality was or not exactly feminist.
They rating their feminism instead of simply creating the word of adult and mature woman.
We demanded perfection of feminist for the feminist because we're still struggling for a lot, we want a lot, we need so much too damned so much.
We go far beyond the sense of sensible and constructive criticism -- to design the feminism of any woman to destroy it until it doesn't get anything.
We don't need to do that.
Maybe bad feminism or rather, a more inclusive feminism is the point of particular.
But what happens next?
We went from recognizing our imperfections.
If I hear degrading music, I'm creating a demand for artists that would be more happy to provide an unlimited supply.
These artists will not change their way to talk about women in their songs until we get the change to effectively affect their profit.
It certainly is hard.
Why has your music to be so pandemic?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worst choice.
But when the bad decisions are justify that makes it harder for women to achieve equality, the equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility.
I think of my subscribers, three and four years.
These are two magnificent girls, decided and brilliant, and also very brave. I want you to grow in a world.
Where they are being appreciated by the strong creatures they are.
I think about them, suddenly, the best option is visible as something much easier to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program deals with sexual violence against women as sports -- you get the Turkey Program.
We can change radio radio when we hear songs that treat women like nothing.
We can spend our money to go to the movie somewhere when movies don't treat women more than additional objects.
We can stop supporting professional sports where athletes treat their classmates as sad sacrets.
In any case, men, especially white men, heterosexual men can say, "No, I'm not going to publish in your magazine, participate in their project, or working with you, until it doesn't include enough women enough of women, so much to participate how to make decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your publication or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people."
Those of us who are supportive but invited to participate in these kinds of projects, we can also encourage ourselves to be included until more like us are welcome to overcome the barriers to the decision set.
Since we are not searched -- without these efforts, without adopting these positions.
We can make these little bits of courage and hope that our decisions get to the top, the people in the inner power and the producers of film and music, and memory, the legislators -- people who can make big decisions, more courageous, to create lasting and meaningful change.
We can also claim our emotion, well, bad or whatever we do.
The last line of my book "Male Commitment, says, "I would prefer to be a bad feminist not to be at all."
This is true because of many reasons, but I say, above all, because my voice was stolen and feminism helped me to do it.
There was an incident.
I call it an incident in front of what happened.
So a few guys were picked up when I was very young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
They treated me as if it was nothing.
I started to believe that it wasn't anything.
They stole my voice, and after everything I don't believe I could say something that could matter.
But I was writing.
And I went back to write it.
I was reminded in a stronger version of myself.
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine, and the women who looked like me and understand what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin.
I read the words of women who showed me that it wasn't anything.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned to write like myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure.
Through writing and feminism I also discovered that if I was a little brave -- another woman could get me and see me and realize that none of us is the thing that the world is trying to tell us that we are.
In a hand, I have the power to achieve anything.
And in the other, I hold the humiliating reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad feminist -- I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my way to think, what I say and what I do, without leaving everything that makes me human.
I hope we can all do the same thing.
I hope that we can all be a little brave when you need to be able to make it happen.
Right after Christmas last year, 12 children in California had been supporting by British or being exposed to someone who had been there.
The virus then went through the border with Canada, infecting more than 100 children in Chair.
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles that can be fatal for a child with a defended immune system, is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world.
There's an effective vaccine against this for more than half a century ago, but many of the children involved in the Brooklyn outbreak had not been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something supposedly worse even worse, autism.
But a moment, was not the article that was unleashed about autism and reduced vaccines and demanded and brands for being a fraud released by the British Medical Milky Marish Barbier.
Doesn't it believe most intelligent scientists that the theory that vaccines cause autism is a student?
I think most of you know, but millions of parents around the world are still afraid that vaccines are going to put their children to have autism.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of estimates of autism increase in time.
For most of the 20th century, autism was considered a very rare disease.
The few psychologists and pediatrician that I had heard about it, they create their entire professional life without seeing one case.
For decades, prevalence estimates followed only three or four children per 10,000 children per 10,000 children.
But then, in the 1990s, numbers started to shoot away.
Paradigm fundraising organizations like Australia Santa refer to autism as a epidemic as a epidemic as if I could find another child in Britain.
What's going on?
If you're not the vaccines, what is it?
If you ask the people at the center of the Center of Disease Control, what is going on, they tend to be based on phrases like a diagnostic diagnose and a better decision of cases to explain these growing numbers.
But that kind of language doesn't dissipate a lot of the fears of a young mother who seeks in the face of his two-year-old son.
If the criteria criteria had to expand up, why were they so reduced at the beginning?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 2007 decade of 2009?
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened has less to do with the slow and extensive progress of science than with the seductive power of storytelling.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what autism is and how it was discovered, but that story turned out to be fake, and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact in global public health.
There was a second more accurate story of autism than lost and forgotten in the dark corners of clinical literature.
This second story tells us all about how we get here and where we need to go.
The first story starts with a child psychiatrist -- Leo Kannier, from the hospital Johns Hopkins -- in 1944, Kanny published an article that describes 11 young patients who appear to inhabit private worlds, none of the people around them, even their own parents.
They could be fun for hours by shaking their hands in front of their faces, but they were prisoners of the panic as they didn't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them.
Over the basis of patients treated in their clinic, Jenny speculated that autism is very rare.
By the 1950s, as a major authority of the world in the subject, declared that he had seen less than 150 true cases of their syndrome while collecting defenses of places of places as far as South Africa.
This is actually not surprising because the British criteria for the diagnosis of autism were very remarkable.
For example, I was able to give that diagnosis to children with consumers, but now we know that epilepsy, it's very common in autism.
Once he was able to make nine of every 10 children sent by other doctors to his doctor's office for being autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism.
Bangladesh was a smart man, but part of his theories were not true.
It concentrated autism as a form of child sensitivity caused by cold parents and disappears.
These kids, he said, have been maintained carefully in a refrigerator.
At the same time, though, Bronked noticed that some of his young patients had special skills who are in certain areas like music, mathematics and memory.
One of the kids in your clinic could distinguish between 18 symphony before I turned the two years.
When his mother put one of his favorite records, he correctly said, "Shame and save."
But Bangladesh had a bad opinion of these skills, affirming things like kids were simply regularly regularly what they had heard of their parents, desperate by winning their approval to win.
As a result, autism became a source of shame for families, and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own good, becoming invisible for the world in general.
Amazingly, it wasn't until the 1970s, that researchers started testing the Bangladesh theory that autism was weird.
Gene Berner, cognitive psychologist from London, thought the theory of the mother of Bronx was pretty stupid.
She and his husband John were warm and fascinating people, and they had a deep autistic daughter called Sun.
Random and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl like Santa without support services, no special education, and no access to other resources without a diagnosis.
To defend the National Health Service, they needed more resources for autistic children and their families, Roman and their colleague, Judith Gulf decided to do something that should have been done 30 years before.
They made a study of autism prevalence in the general population.
They put a suburb from London called Berkeley to try to find the kids autistic in the community.
What they saw was clear that the Bangladesh model was too limited, because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse.
Some kids could not speak at all, whereas others were failing in their fascination by the physicist, in the dinosaurs or the genius of the reality.
In another way, these kids didn't fit in beautiful frames and adopted, as Johnny, and they saw a lot of them, much more than the monkey model of Kandalian would have predicted.
At first, they were lost to try to make sense of their data.
How did no one get rid of these kids before?
But then Ghana found a reference to an article published in German in 1944, the year following Bangladesh -- and then he forgot it, buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember.
Bangladesh knew about this article of competition, but he desperately avoided to mention it in his own work.
There was not even a translation to the English, but luckily, the husband of Nigeria spoke German, and he translated it for her.
The document offers an alternative history of autism.
His author was a man named Hans Corponed, who led a clinic integrated with an integrated school in Vienna, in the 1930s.
The ideas of Sparing for teaching children with learning differences were progressive even for contemporary standards.
The morning in their clinic started with musical exercises with music, and children followed their games on the afternoon.
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism, Celeby described as a life expectancy of life that required compassion and space forms of support for the course of all life.
Instead of treating children in their clinic as patients, Celeby would call them their little teachers, and it was dedicated to help the development methods that were especially suitable for them.
So fundamentally, Surgeon saw autism as a diverse continuum that had a surprising variety of dozens and disability.
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common and they always have been, looking at this continued in an antibiotic culture known in pop culture as the Spanish social scientist, and the teacher professor.
He was beyond even saying that for success in science and art, a pain of autism is essential.
Roman and Howard found that Bangladesh was wrong that autism was incredibly, so that parents were the causes.
In the next few years, they worked in silence with the American Association of psychiatry to expand the criteria of the diagnosis that reflect the diversity of what they called "are "are called "are assets."
In the end of the '80s and early '90s, their changes came in the wild, killing the limited model of Bronx by a wide and even understanding of Carnegie.
These changes didn't fall in the rock water.
Unfortunately, when Roo and Howard worked between the crowds to reform these criteria -- people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time.
Before "Boston Man came out in 1988, just a small circle, I was going to run by experts knew what autism, but after the invisible performance of Station Density and the recognition of "The "Anderson "Demonic with four principles of Academy -- books, psychologists, teachers and fathers around the world knew what the autism was.
At the same time, the first easy clinical trials were introduced to diagnose autism.
I had no longer having a connection with that little circle of experts to get a diagnosis for his son.
The combination of "Both "Bang "Means changes and the introduction of these tests created a network effect, a perfect storm of the consciousness of autism.
The number of diagnostics started to elevate up, just like Rando and John, actually hoped that it was, making people with autism and their families finally get the support and the services they deserve.
So Andrew Katinan came to blame vaccines for the rise of the diagnosis -- a simple, powerful, a secret story that was as bad as the Bangladesh theory that autism was incredibly.
If the current estimate of the center of prevention that one in 68 children in America are in the spectrum, it's right, the artists are one of the largest minority groups in the world.
Over the last few years, autistic people have joined the Internet to reject the idea that they are the puzzles for solving the new medical advances -- and the the "Hell "Campaign to celebrate the properties of human cognition.
One way to understand neuroscience is to think about terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Windows doesn't mean it's broken.
According to autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily distribution, essentially social, and it suffers from an deficit deficit to the details.
No doubt, autistic people have difficulty to live in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we're still reaching Center, who believed that the forest for the most exciting aspects of autism are found in the understanding of teachers, employers with capacity, support communities, and parents with faith in their children.
A autistic woman named Capacity Karth once said, "We need all the hands in charge to drive the boat of humanity.
As we navigate into a uncertain future, we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to address challenges that we face as a society.
We can't afford to waste a brain.
Thank you.
